item 1a.    risk factors in evaluating our business and investment in our securities, investors should carefully consider the following discussion of material factors and events, along with all of the other information in this report and in our other filings with the sec. the events and consequences discussed below could, in circumstances that we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or market price of our common stock.
these risk factors do not identify all of the risks we face. our business is also subject to general risks that affect many other companies. in addition, we operate in a continually changing business, economic and geopolitical environment and as a result, new risk factors may emerge from time to time. risks not currently known to us, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may impact our business operations, financial condition or share price. the global economic and geopolitical climate, including the impacts of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, amplifies many of the risks below. risks in this section are grouped in the following categories: (1) risks related to macroeconomic and industry factors; (2) risks related to our business and operations; (3) risks related to legal, regulatory and tax; and (4) risks related to ownership of our common stock. many risks affect more than one category, and as a result the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence.
risks related to macroeconomic and industry factors industry and economic conditions may adversely affect our markets and our customers' operating conditions, which can in turn affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
with sales in approximately 150 countries, we compete in a wide range of geographic and product markets. material economic and industry factors impacting our businesses include: (i) the overall strength of, and our customers' confidence in, local and global macroeconomic conditions; (ii) overall strength of industrial, governmental and public and private sector spending; (iii) overall strength of the residential and commercial real estate markets; (iv) federal, state, local and municipal governmental fiscal, trade and procurement laws, regulations and policies, including with respect to domestic content; (v) the availability of commercial financing for our customers and end-users; and (vi) the degree of funding for our public sector customers, including with respect to water infrastructure investments. the macroeconomic impacts of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and broader economic dynamics, including with respect to supply chain shortages, logistics challenges, tight labor markets and inflation, have had, and continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. future slowdowns or prolonged downturns in the global economy or our markets could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
we are exposed to geopolitical, regulatory, economic, foreign exchange and other risks associated with our global sales and operations.
in 2021, 44% of our total revenue was from customers within the u.s. and 56% was from customers outside the u.s. we expect our sales from international operations and export sales to continue to be a significant portion of our revenue. many of our manufacturing operations, employees and suppliers are located outside of the u.s. our operations and sales both within the u.s. and internationally are subject, in varying degrees, to risks inherent in doing business globally, including:
•changes in trade protection measures, including embargoes, tariffs and other trade barriers, import and export regulations, licensing requirements, and new and existing domestic content requirements for projects receiving governmental funding;
•instability and uncertainties arising from the global geopolitical environment, including economic nationalism, populism, protectionism and anti-global sentiment;
•changes in tax laws and potential negative consequences from the interpretation, application and enforcement by governmental tax authorities of tax laws and policies;
•changes in other laws and regulations or how such provisions are interpreted or administered;
•disruptions in our global supply chain, including with respect to labor shortages, supply shortages, and freight and logistics challenges;
•unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations, including those related to infrastructure and data transmission, security and privacy;
•shocks to the global financial system, including due to global health crises, the effects of climate change, or idiosyncratic events, such as a terrorist attack;
•theft, compromise or misappropriation of technology, intellectual property or data;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, restrictions on repatriation of earnings or payment of distributions, dividends, loans or advances to us by foreign subsidiaries;
•disruption of operations from labor, civil, political or other disturbances;
•regional safety and security considerations;
•increased costs and risks in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a number of global operations as a result of distance, remote work arrangements, language and cultural differences; and
•threat, outbreak, uncertainty or escalation of political instability, insurrection, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics, global health crises or pandemics, or war.
in 2021, 44% of our revenues were generated in the u.s, which included sales of products sold into federally funded projects. we expect our u.s. sales in 2022 and beyond to be similar. however, we may not be able to successfully compete for federally funded projects as some of our products may not comply with the domestic content requirements of the u.s. buy american mandate applicable to the infrastructure investment and jobs act ("iija") signed into law on november 15, 2021, as well as other federally funded projects. we are assessing the risks associated with the buy america mandate, as well as related mitigation options around sourcing and manufacturing, but there is no guarantee that we will be able to meet applicable domestic content requirements. while governmental exemptions and waivers may in the future be issued that negate the application of the buy america mandate to some or all of our potential sales into iija and other federally funded projects, it is uncertain whether and to what extent such exemptions or waivers may be issued. an inability to meet applicable domestic content requirements for u.s. federally funded projects could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we continue to monitor the impacts of the u.k.'s exit from the eu ("brexit") on our supply chain, operations and financial results. the u.k. and the eu's trade and cooperation agreement ("tca") creates a number of risks and uncertainties for our businesses, including: 1) our services are subject to the world trade organization's rules until the parties to the tca agree on rules around trade in services, and 2) a delay in implementing final provisions on border checks, with some transitional arrangements for 2021 being continued into 2022. the u.k. will also need to negotiate its own trade treaties with countries around the world, which could take years to complete, and any disagreements on trade terms could result in supply chain delays or other disruptions. as a result, we face continued uncertainty and risks of disruption in our supply chain and increased costs.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, 21% of our total revenues were generated in emerging markets and we have placed a particular emphasis in our strategy on increasing our growth and presence in emerging markets. beyond the general risks that we face outside the u.s., our operations in emerging markets are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: (i) governments may impose withholding or other taxes on remittances and other payments to us, or the amount of any such taxes may increase; (ii) governments may seek to nationalize our assets; (iii) governments may impose or increase investment barriers or other restrictions affecting our business; (iv) difficulty in enforcing agreements; (v) challenges collecting receivables, protecting our intellectual property and other assets; (vi) pressure on the pricing of our products and services; (vii) higher business conduct risks; and (viii) challenges in our ability to hire and retain qualified talent and labor. we cannot predict the impact that such factors might have on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and continues to pose risks to, our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics. the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our employees, customers, supply chain, operations and sales. the covid-19 pandemic has, and may in the future, curtail the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in many of the regions where we sell our products and services and conduct operations. government-mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including travel restrictions, quarantines, stay at home or similar measures in many of the areas in which we operate, resulted in temporary production impacts at several of our facilities in 2020 and 2021, curtailed, and may in the future curtail, the business and operations of some of our customers and suppliers, including our ability to access our customers' sites. if the covid-19 pandemic continues or worsens, including additional mutations of the virus, we may experience a decline in sales and customer orders in certain of our businesses. the covid-19 pandemic and broader global market supply and demand dynamics also have impacted, and continue to impact our supply chain with unpredictable disruptions, due to component shortages, including with respect to key electronic components such as semiconductors, capacity constraints, delays in shipment of materials necessary to the manufacture of our products, freight and logistics challenges, tight labor markets and inflation. different markets and parts of our business will recover from the covid-19 pandemic at different rates depending on many factors, including vaccination levels or new covid-19 variants and related outbreaks. while we have taken measures to mitigate these impacts, as the pandemic continues, or if it worsens, our manufacturing facilities, supply chain and logistics may continue to be significantly impacted. accordingly, the pandemic has negatively impacted our revenue growth in certain of our businesses. it is uncertain how materially the covid-19 pandemic, including additional mutations of the virus, the corresponding rollout, efficacy or unanticipated consequences of vaccines, and the pace of recovery will affect our global operations and sales if these impacts persist, worsen or re-emerge throughout 2022 and beyond. the extent and duration of these impacts on us are dependent in part on demand for our products and services and, our ability to meet customer demand; customers' budgets, spending, willingness to allow us access to their job sites and continuation of planned projects; continued funding for infrastructure investments, particularly water infrastructure; our suppliers' ability to continue to supply us with parts, components and raw materials, and logistics providers' ability to continue shipment of our products and supplies in a timely manner.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility and uncertainty in the financial and capital markets. a further disruption of global financial markets or resulting economic downturn from the covid-19 pandemic or other global health crises may reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital, or increase our cost of capital. there are no assurances that the credit markets or the capital markets will be available to us in the future or that the lenders participating in our credit facilities will be able to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations. additionally, concerns over the economic impacts of covid-19 have caused, and may continue to cause, volatility in our stock price. a sustained downturn may impact our liquidity position, including our ability to continue to pay dividends, or may impact our asset values resulting in the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets exceeding their fair value, which may require us to recognize an impairment to those assets. the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including remote working arrangements for employees, has not to date impacted but could in the future impact our financial reporting systems and internal control over financial reporting.
we cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic or the associated macroeconomic impacts, including impacts on our markets and other impacts to our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. to the extent that covid-19 conditions improve, the duration and sustainability of such improvements will be uncertain, and continuing adverse impacts or the degree of improvement may vary by business and/or geography. actions we may take in response to improvements in conditions may also vary by business and/or geography, and may be made with incomplete information. there is a risk that such actions could be premature, insufficient or incorrect and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
inflation, tariffs, customs duties and other increases in manufacturing and operating costs could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
our operating costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in prices for commodities, parts, raw materials, energy and related utilities, freight, and cost of labor which have been and may continue to be driven by inflation, tightening labor markets, prevailing price levels, exchange rates, changes in trade agreements and trade protection measures including tariffs, and other economic factors. throughout 2021 our operating costs have been impacted by price inflation, including with respect to the cost of certain raw materials, electronic components, commodities, freight and logistics, and we expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. the u.s. has enacted various trade actions, including imposing tariffs on certain goods we import from china and other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. additional tariffs imposed by the u.s., or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries, could increase the cost of our products that we may not be able to offset. the tca between the u.k. and eu imposes duties on goods traded between the u.k. and eu. in order to remain competitive, we may not be able to recover all or a portion of these higher costs from our customers through price increases. further, in a declining price environment, our operating margins may contract because we account for inventory using the first-in, first-out method. actions we take to mitigate volatility in manufacturing and operating costs may not be successful and, as a result, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our business is subject to foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations.
sales outside of the u.s. for the year ended december 31, 2021 accounted for approximately 56% of our net sales. we also have significant operations in various locations outside of the u.s. we are therefore exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly with respect to the euro, swedish krona, british pound, canadian dollar, australian dollar, and polish zloty. changes in the value of currencies of the countries in which we do business relative to the value of the u.s. dollar or euro could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. the translation risk is primarily concentrated in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the euro, chinese yuan, british pound, canadian dollar, australian dollar, swedish krona, and indian rupee. as the u.s. dollar fluctuates against other currencies in which we transact business, revenue and income may be impacted. strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro and the currencies of the other countries in which we do business, has materially and adversely affected and could in the future materially and adversely affect our sales growth and profitability in future periods. refer to item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for additional information on foreign exchange risk.
our pension and other defined benefit plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely impact our earnings, financial condition and cash flows in future periods.
certain current and retired employees are covered by pension and other defined benefit plans (collectively, "post-retirement benefit plans"). we make contributions to fund our post-retirement benefit plans when we consider it necessary or advantageous to do so. significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in fair value of or investment losses on plan assets, changes in discount rates, or changes in minimum funding requirements established by governments, taxing authorities or other agreements, could increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our earnings, financial condition and cash flows in future periods. in addition, the cost of our post-retirement benefit plans is incurred over long periods of time and involves factors that can be volatile and unpredictable, including rates of return on plan assets, discount rates used to calculate liabilities and expenses, change in laws and regulatory actions, and changes in actuarial experience and assumptions, which could adversely impact our earnings, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks related to our business and operations failure to compete successfully in our markets, including our ability to develop and commercialize innovative and disruptive technologies, could adversely affect our business.
we offer our technologies, products and services in highly competitive markets. we believe the principal points of competition are product and service performance, quality and reliability, innovation, speed to market with new or disruptive technologies and business models, application expertise, brand reputation, energy efficiency, product security, product life cycle cost, timeliness of delivery, proximity of our service centers to customers, effectiveness of our distribution channels, price and customers' experience in doing business with us. maintaining and improving our competitive position will require successful management of these factors in a business environment with increasingly rapid rates of change and disruption.
our competitive position and future growth rate depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to successfully: (i) innovate, develop and maintain competitive products, services, business models and customer experience to address emerging trends and meet customers' needs (including those related to social, environmental and sustainability matters), (ii) defend our market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, many of which are new and non-traditional competitors from outside our industry, such as large technology firms, or those out of emerging markets, (iii) enhance our product and service offerings by adding innovative features or disruptive technologies that differentiate them from those of our competitors and prevent commoditization, (iv) develop, manufacture and bring compelling new products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively, (v) continue to cultivate, develop and maintain our distribution network of channel partners, (vi) attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite innovation, digital and technical expertise and understanding of customers' needs to develop and commercialize new technologies, products and services, (vii) continue to invest in our manufacturing, research and development, engineering, sales and marketing, customer service and support, and distribution networks, (viii) win large contracts, and (ix) compete for business subject to applicable governmental procurement laws, regulations and policies, including new and existing domestic content requirements in the u.s. and globally, as they may evolve over time.
we may not be successful in maintaining our competitive position, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. the failure of our technologies, products or services to maintain and gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings, or customers' slower-than-expected adoption of and investment in our new and innovative technologies could significantly reduce our revenues or market share and adversely affect our competitive position. pricing pressures could cause us to adjust the prices of certain products to stay competitive, or we may not be able to continue to win large contracts, which could adversely affect our market share and competitive position.
cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, communications networks and operations could adversely affect our business, products and services.
our business operations rely on information technology and communications networks, some of which are operated by third parties, including cloud-based service providers, to process, transmit and store our electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal data relating to employees, customers or other business partners. we have, or operate through, a concentration of operations on certain sites, such as production and shared service centers. with the covid-19 pandemic impacting our business since march 2020, a significant portion of our workforce transitioned to remote working, which we expect to be the case for the foreseeable future, and they are reliant on our information technology infrastructure and communication networks to perform their jobs, as well as access to reliable and safe communication networks in their communities. we also rely on third parties' information technology systems to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including with regard to remote work. regardless of protection measures, essentially all systems are susceptible to damage, disruption or shut-down due to cybersecurity attacks, including ransomware, denial-of-service, computer viruses and security breaches; equipment or system failure, including due to maintenance, obsolescence or age; and other events or circumstances, such as human error or malfeasance, vandalism, natural disaster, fire, power, communication or other utility outage, shutdown or utility failure and other events. in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other business continuity and disaster recovery planning and response may be ineffective or inadequate.
in addition, we offer certain services and products, including pumps, controllers and meters that are digitally-enabled or that connect to and are part of the "internet of things" (iot), and are used by third parties for operational purposes or to collect data. cybersecurity attacks may target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted by our products after they have been purchased and incorporated into third parties' products, facilities or infrastructure. while we attempt to provide security measures to safeguard our products and services from cyber threats, the potential for an attack remains. a successful attack may result in the misappropriation, destruction, unauthorized access to or disclosure of third parties' confidential information, damage or disruption to third parties' operations, potentially with personal health and safety risks, recall of our products or increased costs for security and remediation, as well as damage to our brand reputation.
like many multinational companies, we, and some third parties upon which we rely, have experienced cybersecurity attacks on information technology networks and systems, products and services in the past and may experience them in the future, likely with more frequency and involving a broader range of devices and modes of attack. to date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business, operations, products, services or customers. we have adopted measures designed to mitigate potential risks associated with cybersecurity threats, breaches or other disruptions or damage to our information technology networks and systems, products and services but the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions and threats could impact our business, operations, products and services. disruption to information technology and communications networks on which we rely, or an attack on our products and services, could interfere with our operations, disrupt our supply chain and service to our customers, interrupt production and shipments, result in theft or compromise of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage employee, customer and business partner relationships, negatively impact our reputation, result in legal claims and proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, and increase our costs for security and remediation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
although we continue to assess these risks, implement measures to mitigate these risks and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that cybersecurity attacks or other interruptions with material adverse effects will not occur, or that our business continuity and disaster recovery efforts will be effective and adequate.
lack of or delay in availability of products, parts and raw materials from our supply chain or the inability of suppliers to meet delivery and other requirements, could adversely affect our business.
our business relies on a large and complex network of suppliers (and their suppliers), including contract manufacturing, commodity markets and freight and logistics providers, to secure and ship finished goods and raw materials, parts, electronic components and other components that are used in our products. we expect that our reliance on, and the complexity of, the supply chain will continue to increase. parts and raw materials commonly used in our products include electronic components, particularly semiconductors, motors, fabricated parts, castings, bearings, seals, batteries, and pcbs, as well as commodities, including steel, brass, nickel, copper, aluminum and plastics. we are exposed to the availability of these parts, components, materials and finished goods, which have been and may in the future be subject to delay, curtailment or change due to, among other things, macroeconomic factors including supply and demand dynamics, labor shortages, changes in the strategy or production planning of suppliers including decisions to exit production of key components upon which we rely, interruptions in suppliers' production, labor disputes, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' capacity allocations to other purchasers, changes in trade agreements and trade protection measures including tariffs, exchange rates and prevailing price levels, ability to meet regulatory requirements, weather emergencies and associated effects of climate change, the ongoing effects of the covid-19 pandemic or other public health crises or threatened or actual armed conflict, acts of war or terrorism. we have also experienced, and continue to experience, increased freight and logistics costs, delivery delays related to port congestion and other logistics- related challenges. although we have insurance, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any or all aspects of supply chain disruptions.
some of our key components are available only from a sole or single source supplier or a limited group of suppliers and so we are subject to supply and pricing risk. in addition, if a sole or single source supplier were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply a key component to us, it could adversely affect our product sales and operating results.
in addition, as a result of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and broader global market supply and demand dynamics, we have experienced and may continue to experience shortages, capacity constraints and delays with respect to the supply of components, including electronic components (in particular, semiconductors), and other parts and raw materials. we have and continue to take measures, including with respect to buffer stock, the use of alternative suppliers and re-design of certain products, to mitigate the impacts of the ongoing supply chain, freight and logistics issues. however, if these shortages and disruptions continue, if additional disruptions occur, or if our efforts to mitigate these shortages and disruptions are insufficient or unsuccessful, we may be unable to, or delayed in our ability to execute on our backlog, fill new customer orders or timely deliver products to our customers and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a material disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or that of third parties upon which we rely, may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
our facilities and operations rely on a complex global supply chain including suppliers (and their suppliers), distributors, contract manufacturers, and freight and logistics providers. in addition, we rely on certain third parties to supply critical business processes and activities, including in the areas of finance, human resources, procurement and information technology. we also have a concentration of operations at certain sites, such as production and shared services centers. our facilities and operations and those of certain third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions as a result of an actual or threatened event or circumstance, including due to a significant equipment or system failure, natural disaster, weather event, effects of climate change, power, water or communications outage, fire, explosion, critical supply chain failure, terrorism, cybersecurity attack, political disruption, the effects of covid-19, outbreak of an epidemic, pandemic or other public health crisis, insurrection, armed conflict or war, labor dispute, work stoppage or slowdown, technology failure, adverse weather conditions or other reason. a significant disruption to any of our facilities or operations, or that of third parties upon which we rely, could cause material adverse impacts to our financial performance, operations and business, including an inability to meet customer demand or contractual commitments, increased costs, and reduced sales, and could impact our business processes and activities, including our ability to timely report financial results. any interruption in capability may be lengthy and have lasting effects, require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, and require us to make substantial expenditures to remedy the situation, which could negatively affect our operations, business processes and activities, profitability and financial condition. any recovery under our insurance policies may not offset the lost sales, increased costs, or longer term loss of suppliers, sales or customers that we may experience as a result of a disruption, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. although we continue to assess these risks, implement mitigation plans and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that interruptions with material adverse effects on our operational and financial performance will not occur.
failure to retain our existing senior management, engineering, technology, sales, services and other key talents or the inability to attract new qualified and diverse talent could negatively impact our business.
our success has depended, and will continue to depend to a significant extent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in senior management positions, and in strategic or core competencies, including engineering, innovation, digital technologies, sales excellence, service, and project management, as well as general production-related labor. the market for highly-skilled talent, leaders and labor in our industry is increasingly competitive. as a result, our success in attracting and retaining employees has depended, and will continue to depend on our ability to offer attractive career growth opportunities, compensation, and benefits, particularly in the areas of services, digital technologies, innovation and data science. in addition, advancing our culture, including with respect to diversity, equity and inclusion is critical to attract and retain talent to enable the continued execution of our strategy, while driving innovation, remaining competitive and creating long-term value. we also need to continue to develop qualified talent to support business growth and robust succession plans, both of which are critical to our long-term success. a failure to attract or retain highly engaged and skilled talent and labor could adversely affect our ability to meet and exceed the needs of our customers, operate and grow our business and execute our strategy.
our financial results can be difficult to predict.
our business is impacted by a substantial amount of short cycle, and book-and-bill business, which we have limited insight into, particularly for the business that we transact through our significant distribution network. we are also impacted by our long cycle business, including large projects, which could be unexpectedly cancelled, or whose timing can change based upon customer requirements due to a number of factors affecting the project that are beyond our knowledge or control, such as funding, readiness of the project and regulatory approvals. additionally, we rely on a complex global supply chain, which has been subject to dynamic conditions, unexpected changes and disruptions during 2021 and into 2022 due to macroeconomic factors associated with covid-19. these supply chain challenges have affected, and may continue to affect, our production and ability to timely fill customer orders. we cannot predict when, or if, these conditions will ease or subside in the future. accordingly, our financial results for any given period have been and will continue to be difficult to predict.
defects, unanticipated use or inadequate disclosures with respect to our products could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial condition and results of operations.
defects, inadequacies or quality issues in the manufacture, design, software, security or service of our products (including in products, parts or components that we source from third parties), unanticipated use, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products could result in product safety, product security, regulatory or environmental risks, including personal injury, death, property or environmental damage. these events could also lead to recalls, safety or security alerts relating to our products, result in the removal of a product from the market and/or result in warranty or liability claims against us. although we have liability insurance, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any or all aspects of liability claims. manufacturing, design, software, security or service defects or inadequacies may also result in contractual damages against us, warranty expenses or issuance of credits, which could impact our profitability. recalls, removals, and warranty, liability and quality claims can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant portion of our products and offerings in our measurement & control solutions segment are affected by the availability, regulation of and interference with radio spectrum that we use.
a significant portion of the offerings in our measurement & control solutions segment use radio spectrum, which is subject to government regulation. to the extent we introduce new products designed for use in the u.s. or another country, such products may require significant modification or redesign in order to meet frequency requirements and other regulatory specifications. limitations on frequency availability or the cost of making necessary modifications may preclude us from selling our products in certain countries. the regulations that govern our use of radio spectrum may change, which may require us to modify our products or seek new partnerships, either directly or due to interference caused by new consumer products allowed under the regulations. the inability to modify our products to meet such requirements, the possible delays in completing or the cost of such modifications could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to secure suitable partners for co-development of products.
in the u.s., our products are primarily designed to use fcc-licensed spectrum in the 900mhz range. if the fcc does not renew our existing spectrum licenses, or materially changes regulations affecting the use of these licenses, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, there may be insufficient available frequencies in some markets to sustain or develop our planned operations at a commercially feasible price or at all.
outside the u.s., certain of our products require the use of radio frequency and are subject to regulations. in some jurisdictions, radio station licenses may be granted for a fixed term and must be periodically renewed. our advanced and smart metering systems offerings transmit to (and receive information from, if applicable) handheld, mobile, or fixed network reading devices in licensed bands made available to us through strategic partnerships and are reliant to some extent on the licensed spectrum continuing to be available through our partners or our customers. we may be unable to find partners or customers that have access to sufficient frequencies in some markets to sustain or develop our planned operations, or to find partners or customers that have access to sufficient frequencies in the relevant markets at a commercially feasible price or at all.
we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring and realignment plans or our restructuring and realignment may adversely affect our business.
in recent fiscal years, we initiated restructuring and realignment plans in an effort to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. additionally, in 2020, in response to the business and economic conditions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we initiated additional restructuring and realignment activity. we are also engaged in a multi-year effort to transform many of our support functions and related technologies, including finance, human resources and procurement. challenges with the enabling technologies and delays in implementing planned restructuring and realignment activities have delayed the realization of some of the expected operational and financial benefits from such actions. as such, we may not be able to obtain all of the cost savings and benefits that were initially anticipated in connection with our restructuring and realignment plans. additionally, as a result of these plans, we may experience a loss of continuity or, accumulated knowledge or inefficiencies during transitional periods and ongoing operations. realignment and restructuring require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business.
the successful implementation and execution of our restructuring and realignment actions are critical to achieving our expected cost savings, as well as effectively competing in the marketplace and positioning us for future growth. factors that may impede a successful implementation include the retention of key employees, the impact of regulatory matters including tax, matters involving certain third-party service providers selected to assist us, including staffing, technology, and compliance of service providers with our internal controls over financial reporting, and adverse economic market conditions. if our restructuring and realignment actions are not executed successfully, it could have material adverse impacts on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, our competitive position, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our strategy includes acquisitions, and we may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions.
as part of our growth strategy, we plan to continue to pursue the acquisition of other companies, assets, technologies, product lines and customer channels that complement or expand our existing business or improve our competitive position. we may not be able to complete acquisitions with favorable terms or timing, or at all, or obtain financing that may be needed to consummate acquisitions. in addition, our results of operations may be adversely impacted by: (i) the failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations, technology, and financial and other systems, (ii) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, which in the past has led to, and in the future may lead to, accounting impairments, (iii) the discovery of unanticipated liabilities, labor relations difficulties, cybersecurity concerns, control or compliance issues, or other issues for which we lack contractual protections, insurance or indemnities.
acquisitions involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: diversion of management's attention from existing businesses and operations; insufficient internal controls over financial or compliance activities or financial reporting; the failure to realize expected synergies; the assumption of new material risks associated with the acquired businesses; and the loss of key employees of the acquired businesses. failure to successfully execute our growth strategy via acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquisitions could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition or results of operations.
weather conditions, including the effects of climate change and associated efforts by governmental or regulatory authorities to mitigate such effects, may cause volatility in our served markets, and may affect our businesses, operations and financial results.
globally, the frequency and severity of severe weather events due to the effects of climate change is increasing and our facilities, operations and business face related risks and opportunities. the unpredictable nature of weather conditions, including heavy flooding, water stress due to prolonged droughts, and fluctuations in temperatures or weather patterns, including as a result of climate change, can positively or negatively impact portions of our business. for example, heavy flooding and rain events attributable to the effects of global climate change may increase customer demand for some of our solutions that help manage water and storm water overflows, or remove and transfer excess or unwanted water. prolonged drought conditions may increase demand for our pumping technology used in agriculture and turf irrigation applications. demand for water reuse applications, including those provided by our treatment business, may also increase as communities look to address water scarcity challenges due to the effects of climate change. in addition, fluctuations in temperatures result in varying levels of demand for our products used in residential and commercial hydronic applications, where homes and buildings use circulating water to heat and cool living spaces. significant fluctuations in these weather conditions and climate changes can therefore result in volatility in our financial results.
severe weather events and other effects of climate change have caused, and may in the future cause, disruptions to our facilities and operations, and those of our customers and suppliers. in 2021, a physical risk analysis using the task force on climate related financial disclosures ("tcfd") framework indicated that certain of our facilities are at a moderate risk for exposure to water stress, coldwave and wildfire impacts due to the effects of climate change. while we continue to assess these risks, implement mitigation plans and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that disruptions with material adverse effects will not occur.
governments may implement emissions trading schemes, carbon taxes, fuel taxes and other policies to reduce the impacts of climate change that could impact our business and financial results. the timing, scope and effect of governments' implementation of carbon pricing and taxes are uncertain, but could significantly increase our expenses in the future and therefore have material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and market price of our common stock.
our commitments, goals, targets, objectives and initiatives related to sustainability, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks.
we have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals as well as commitments to preliminary science-based targets aligned to limiting global temperature increase to 1.5°c above pre-industrial level, in line with the paris agreement, by 2030 and net zero greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) before 2050. achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. we might incur additional expense or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts. these commitments, goals, targets and other objectives reflect our current plans and there is no guarantee that they will be achieved. our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these commitments, goals, targets, and objectives expose us to operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards.
our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, other stakeholders, regulators, and the media related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. if our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, or as an acquiror could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts.
our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends.
as of december 31, 2021, our total outstanding indebtedness was $2,440 million as described under "liquidity and capital resources" and we may incur additional debt in the future. our indebtedness could have adverse consequences to us and our investors, including:
•increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing or borrow additional funds;
•reducing or eliminating our ability to pay future dividends or repurchase our common stock;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make principal and interest payments;
•reducing the cash flows available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other investments to grow our business;
•increasing the amount of interest expense that we must pay because some of our borrowings are at variable interest rates, which, as interest rates increase, would result in higher interest expense; and
•increasing the risk of a future credit rating downgrade, which could increase future debt costs and limit the availability of debt financing.
in addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all for the payment or refinancing of our indebtedness. the terms of any future debt indentures may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations than we currently have.
our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend on our future cash flows from operations, which may not be sufficient and may be affected by factors beyond our control. if we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
we may incur additional impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets which would negatively impact our operating results.
we have a significant amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our balance sheet as a result of acquisitions. as of december 31, 2021, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled approximately $3 billion. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that a potential impairment could exist. significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business or our customers' business, inability to effectively integrate or scale acquired businesses, increases in cost of capital, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, failure of the fcc to renew radio spectrum licenses, and divestitures and market capitalization declines may cause impairment of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. for example, in 2020 we recorded goodwill impairment charges $58 million within our measurement & control solutions segment primarily related to the performance of the business of the pure technologies ltd. acquisition ("pure") (as detailed in note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets"). we did not record goodwill impairment charges within our measurement & control solutions segment in 2021. material impairment charges have in the past and could in the future adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to legal, regulatory and tax failure to comply with laws, regulations and policies, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, other applicable anti-corruption laws, trade regulations, and data privacy and security laws, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
given our global operations, we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. and non-u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including laws and regulations related to anti-corruption, trade including export and import compliance, anti-trust and money laundering. our policies mandate compliance with these laws and regulations. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we operate in many parts of the world that are recognized as having governmental and commercial corruption and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption laws may conflict with local business customs and practices. we cannot guarantee that our internal controls, policies and procedures will always prevent and protect us from improper conduct of our employees or business partners. in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or business partners have or may have violated applicable laws, regulations or policies, including anti-corruption laws, we are required to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. any such violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, termination of relationships with business partners and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, and as a result might materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business.
additionally, to conduct our operations, we regularly move data across borders, and consequently we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection and data security, including the california consumer protection act, the eu's gdpr and china's personal information protection law ("pipl"). the scope of the laws that may be applicable to us is evolving, often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. gdpr greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of eu law and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the enforcement of data subject rights, enhanced security requirements, obligations to guarantee eu data subject rights are not compromised in countries outside the eu, and public disclosure of significant data breaches. other countries, such as china with its pipl, have enacted or are enacting data localization and security laws that require data to stay within their borders. all of these evolving legal and operational requirements impose significant costs of compliance that are likely to increase over time. in addition, any such violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions and/or civil penalties, damage to our reputation and might materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
changes in our effective tax rates and tax expenses may adversely affect our financial results.
we sell our products in approximately 150 countries and 56% of our revenue was generated outside the u.s. in 2021. given the global nature of our business, a number of factors may increase our effective tax rates and tax expense, including:
•the geographic mix of jurisdictions in which profits are earned and taxed;
•the statutory tax rates and tax laws in jurisdictions in which we conduct business;
•the resolution of tax issues arising from tax examinations by various tax authorities; and
•the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
additionally, tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. the recent agreement by countries in the organization for economic cooperation and development to implement additional legislative changes increases the uncertainty of future income tax positions, and such changes may result in additional tax expense and effective tax rate volatility.
our businesses are regularly examined by various tax authorities throughout the world and the resolutions of these examinations do not typically have a significant impact on our effective tax rates and tax expenses but they could. for example, following an examination regarding aspects of the reorganization of our european business that occurred in 2013, the swedish tax authority issued a tax assessment to xylem's swedish subsidiary in 2019, which we are appealing as further described in note 7, "income taxes." this examination as well as other examinations can result in increased tax assessments, and settlement or litigation about the assessments and final resolution could be unfavorable to xylem. we regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits; however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect us. although we believe our tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in its historical income tax provisions, accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
we face risks related to legal and regulatory proceedings.
we are subject to various laws, regulations and other requirements of government authorities in the u.s. and foreign countries, any violation of which could potentially create substantial liability for us and damage our reputation. changes in laws, ordinances, regulations or other government policies, the nature, timing, and effect of which are uncertain, may significantly increase our expenses and liabilities.
from time to time, we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that are incidental to the operation of our businesses (or the business operations of previously-owned entities). these proceedings may seek remedies relating to environmental matters, tax, intellectual property, acquisitions or divestitures, product liability, property damage, personal injury, privacy, employment, labor and pensions, government contract issues and commercial or contractual disputes. our continued transition to connected and digital technologies and solutions has increased our exposure to intellectual property litigation and we expect that this risk will continue to increase as we execute on our innovation and technology priorities.
it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations, regulatory proceedings and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties or enter into settlements and claims that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we may be required to change or cease operations at one or more facilities if a regulatory agency determines that we have failed to comply with laws, regulations or orders applicable to our business.
the global and diverse nature of our operations, coupled with the increase in regulation and enforcement in many regions of the globe, means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal and regulatory proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time. in addition, subsequent developments in legal and regulatory proceedings may affect our assessments and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
infringement or expiration of our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed upon the intellectual property rights of third parties could negatively affect us.
we own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, that are important to our business. our intellectual property rights may provide us with competitive advantage because they may help us differentiate our technologies, products and services, including our growing portfolio of data analytics and digitally-enabled offerings. however, our current or future intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad or may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, misappropriated, independently developed, or designed-around, particularly given our operations in countries where laws governing intellectual property rights are not highly developed, protected or enforced. our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property, or detect or prevent circumvention, misappropriation or unauthorized use of such property, as well as the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming to defend due to the complexity and uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. we may not be successful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. in addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to use critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the use of third-party intellectual property rights, or be required to redesign our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our competitive position, financial condition and results of operations. even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
developments in, and compliance with, current and future environmental and climate change laws and regulations could impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our business, operations, and product and service offerings are subject to and affected by many federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those enacted in response to climate change concerns.
increasing public and governmental awareness and concern regarding the effects of climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions and will likely result in further environmental and climate change laws and regulations. compliance with existing laws and regulations currently requires, and compliance with future laws is expected to continue to require, increasing operating and capital expenditures, including with respect to the design or re-design of our products in order to conform to changing environmental standards and regulations, which could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, environmental laws and regulations may authorize substantial fines and criminal sanctions as well as facility shutdowns to address violations, and may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges. we also incur, and expect to continue to incur, costs to comply with current environmental laws and regulations. developments such as the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, violations by us of such laws and regulations, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental impacts, our inability to recover costs associated with any such developments, or financial insolvency of other responsible parties could in the future have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our spin-off from itt corporation may expose us to potential liabilities.
pursuant to the distribution agreement and certain other agreements with itt (now itt llc; acquired by delticus holdco, l.p., a portfolio company of warburg pincus llc, on july 1, 2021) and exelis (acquired by harris corporation, now l3harris technologies, inc.), itt and exelis agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities, and we agreed to indemnify itt and exelis for certain liabilities. indemnities that we may be required to provide itt and exelis may be significant and could negatively impact our business. third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that itt or exelis agreed to retain. further, there can be no assurance that the indemnities from itt and exelis will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that itt and exelis will be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. moreover, even if we ultimately were to succeed in recovering from itt and exelis any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
risks related to ownership of our common stock the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.
we cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade. the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including:
•actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our business;
•success or failure of our business strategy;
•our ability to achieve long-term financial or non-financial, (including sustainability related) targets or commitments;
•our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry;
•our ability to obtain financing as needed;
•stock repurchases or payment of dividends;
•announcements by us or our competitors of significant new business awards or technologies, product and service offerings;
•announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or divestitures;
•changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;
•changes in earnings estimates or guidance by us or analysts, or our ability to meet such guidance and estimates;
•our ability to successfully execute restructuring and realignment actions;
•the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies;
•our ability to secure necessary parts, components and materials from our global supply chain;
•the impacts of inflation, including our ability to offset these impacts through pricing and productivity actions;
•natural or environmental disasters, as well as the effects of climate change or climate-related considerations that investors believe may affect us;
•uncertainty or instability arising from the global geopolitical environment or events, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic or other actual or potential epidemics, pandemics, or other idiosyncratic events;
•fluctuations in foreign currency impacts;
•fluctuations in the budgets or spending of federal, state and local governmental entities around the world;
•results from any material litigation, governmental or regulatory body investigation, or tax examination;
•changes in laws and regulations affecting our business;
•impact of trade protection measures including tariffs and new and existing domestic content requirements; and
•overall market fluctuations or general economic conditions and other external factors.
stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting our results of operations and the financial condition of our business. except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, "xylem," "we," "us," "our" and "the company" refer to xylem inc. and its subsidiaries.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. discussions of 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
overview xylem is a leading global water technology company. we design, manufacture and service highly engineered products and solutions ranging across a wide variety of critical applications in utility, industrial, residential and commercial building services settings. our broad portfolio of solutions addresses customer needs across the water cycle, from the delivery, measurement and use of drinking water to the collection, test, treatment and analysis of wastewater to the return of water to the environment. our product and service offerings are organized into three reportable segments that are aligned around the critical market applications they provide: water infrastructure, applied water and measurement & control solutions.
•water infrastructure serves the water infrastructure sector with pump systems that transport water from aquifers, lakes, rivers and seas; with filtration, ultraviolet and ozone systems that provide treatment, making the water fit to use; and pumping solutions that move the wastewater and storm water to treatment facilities where our mixers, biological treatment, monitoring and control systems provide the primary functions in the treatment process. we also provide sales and rental of specialty dewatering pumps and related equipment and services. additionally, our offerings use monitoring and control, smart and connected technologies to allow for remote monitoring of performance and enable products to self-optimize pump operations maximizing energy efficiency and minimizing unplanned downtime and maintenance for our customers. in the water infrastructure segment, we provide the majority of our sales directly to customers along with strong applications expertise, while the remaining amount is through distribution partners.
•applied water serves the water usage applications sector with water pressure boosting systems for heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and for fire protection systems to the residential and commercial building services markets. in addition, our pumps, heat exchangers and controls provide cooling to power plants and manufacturing facilities, circulation for food and beverage processing, as well as boosting systems for agricultural irrigation. in the applied water segment, we provide the majority of our sales through long-standing relationships with many of the leading independent distributors in the markets we serve, with the remainder going directly to customers.
•measurement & control solutions primarily serves the utility infrastructure solutions and services sector by delivering communications, smart metering, measurement and control technologies and critical infrastructure technologies that allow customers to more effectively use their distribution networks for the delivery, monitoring and control of critical resources such as water, electricity and natural gas. we also provide analytical instrumentation used to measure and analyze water quality, flow and level in clean water, wastewater, surface water and coastal environments. additionally, we offer software and services including cloud-based analytics, remote monitoring and data management, leak detection, condition assessment, asset management and pressure monitoring solutions. in the measurement & control solutions segment, we generate our sales through a combination of long-standing relationships with leading distributors and dedicated channel partners as well as direct sales depending on the regional availability of distribution channels and the type of product.
covid-19 pandemic update the global spread of covid-19 has curtailed the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in many of the regions where we sell our products and services and conduct operations.
this section summarizes the most significant impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic that we have experienced to date, and we have included additional details as applicable throughout other sections of this annual report. xylem's covid-19 response team is responsible for xylem's pandemic plan. the pandemic plan is designed to aid in prevention, preparedness, response and recovery at our sites and across the company.
given the magnitude and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences, it has become more difficult to distinguish specific aspects of our operational and financial performance that are most directly related to the pandemic from those more broadly influenced by ongoing macroeconomic, market and industry dynamics that may be, to varying degrees, related to the pandemic and its consequences.
public health officials have recommended, or governments have mandated, precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including travel restrictions, quarantine guidelines, or similar measures in many of the areas in which we operate. as a result, a number of our production facilities across the globe experienced reduced production levels due to such measures to varying degrees during the year, however our current overall operating capacity approximates normal levels globally. in order to maintain a safe work environment, our production facilities continue to spread operations over multiple shifts and implement other protective measures such as testing, temperature screening and social distancing, while maintaining operational capabilities.
the covid-19 pandemic, as well as broader global market supply and demand dynamics, have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, our supply chains. we have experienced, and expect to continue experiencing shortages in the supply of components, including electronics, particularly semiconductors ("chips"), parts and raw materials. we have also experienced, and continue to experience, increased inflation, freight and logistics costs, issues with port congestion, delivery delays and labor. to help mitigate the effects of these challenges and increase the resilience of our supply chain, we continue to enhance and augment our risk management activities, including supplier pulsing and redundancy. additionally, we have and continue to take measures with respect to buffer stock, the use of alternative suppliers or redesign of certain products to mitigate the impacts of the ongoing supply chain, freight and logistics delays and bolster our access to electronics, parts and raw materials. to some extent, we have been able to pass cost increases through to customers. if these shortages and interruptions continue, or if additional interruptions occur, they could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
these supply chain issues have also impacted our delivery times to customers. to some extent, mitigation strategies have alleviated these issues but our lead times continue to be impacted.
we have seen a recovery in demand for our products. at the end of 2021, total backlog increased 52.6% as compared to december 31, 2020. the severity, magnitude and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, and the pandemic's ongoing and future impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price remain uncertain and difficult to predict.
in response to the changes in business and economic conditions arising as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, management committed to restructuring activities across our businesses and functions globally during the second quarter of 2020. these initiatives were designed to support our long-term financial resilience and simplify our operations, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. since the pandemic started, xylem has taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers to minimize potential disruptions and positively impact our communities. in the first quarter of 2020, we implemented a support pay program for employees impacted by covid-19, which is in place through the second quarter of 2022 and will be evaluated for continuation, as necessary.
xylem watermark, our corporate social responsibility program, continues to support our communities in addressing the challenges posed by this global pandemic by strengthening access to water, sanitation and hygiene (wash) facilities in schools and health centers through its partnership with americares and unicef, as well as the partner community grants program and matching donations program for employees and partners, and other philanthropic commitments.
many of our offices globally remain in a substantially remote work from home status, with no material disruption to operations, financial reporting systems, internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures. our covid-19 response team applies a set of health and safety guidelines for employees working in xylem offices.
we continue to assess the evolving nature of the pandemic and its possible implications to our business, employees, supply chain, customers and communities, and to take actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences.
risks related to the impacts of covid-19 as well as our supply chain are described in further detail under "item 1a. risk factors" in the company's 2021 annual report.
key performance indicators and non-gaap measures management reviews key performance indicators including revenue, gross margins, segment operating income and operating income margins, free cash flow, orders growth, working capital and backlog, among others. in addition, we consider certain non-gaap (or "adjusted") measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for the periods presented, and to provide a tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity and management of assets. this information can assist investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital for deployment among competing strategic alternatives and initiatives, including, but not limited to, dividends, acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment. excluding revenue, xylem provides guidance only on a non-gaap basis due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting certain amounts that would be included in gaap earnings, such as discrete tax items, without unreasonable effort. these adjusted metrics are consistent with how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating and planning decisions. these metrics, however, are not measures of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered a substitute for revenue, operating income, net income, earnings per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities as determined in accordance with gaap. we consider the following non-gaap measures to be key performance indicators, as well as the related reconciling items to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies.
•"organic revenue" and "organic orders" defined as revenue and orders, respectively, excluding the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency translation and contributions from acquisitions and divestitures. divestitures include sales or discontinuance of insignificant portions of our business that did not meet the criteria for classification as a discontinued operation. the period-over-period change resulting from foreign currency translation impacts is determined by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate.
•"constant currency" defined as financial results adjusted for foreign currency translation impacts by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate. this approach is used for countries whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar.
•"adjusted net income" and "adjusted earnings per share" defined as net income and earnings per share, respectively, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs, special charges, gain or loss from sale of businesses and tax-related special items, as applicable. a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share is provided below.
(in millions, except per share data)                                                             2021                                  2020
net income &amp; earnings per share                                           $427           $2.35                  $254           $1.40
restructuring and realignment, net of tax of $5 and $17                         17            0.09                    60            0.33
special charges, net of tax of $2 and $10                                       10            0.06                    76            0.42
tax-related special items                                                        -               -                  (16)          (0.09)
(gain) loss from sale of business, net of tax benefit of $0                    (2)          (0.01)                     -               -
adjusted net income &amp; adjusted earnings per share                         $452           $2.49                  $374           $2.06
▪"adjusted operating expenses" and "adjusted gross profit" defined as operating expenses and gross profit, respectively, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs and special charges.
▪"adjusted operating income" defined as operating income, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs and special charges, and "adjusted operating margin" defined as adjusted operating income divided by total revenue.
▪"ebitda" defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, "ebitda margin" defined as ebitda divided by total revenue, "adjusted ebitda" reflects the adjustment to ebitda to exclude share-based compensation charges, restructuring and realignment costs, special charges and
36
gain or loss from sale of businesses, and "adjusted ebitda margin" defined as adjusted ebitda divided by total revenue.
▪"realignment costs" defined as costs not included in restructuring costs that are incurred as part of actions taken to reposition our business, including items such as professional fees, severance, relocation, travel, facility set-up and other costs.
▪"special charges" defined as costs incurred by the company, such as acquisition and integration related costs, non-cash impairment charges and both operating and non-operating adjustments for costs related to the uk pension plan buy-out.
▪"tax-related special items" defined as tax items, such as tax return versus tax provision adjustments, tax exam impacts, tax law change impacts, excess tax benefits/losses and other discrete tax adjustments.
▪"free cash flow" defined as net cash from operating activities, as reported in the statement of cash flows, less capital expenditures. our definition of "free cash flow" does not consider certain non-discretionary cash payments, such as debt. the following table provides a reconciliation of free cash flow.
(in millions)                                            2021                    2020
net cash provided by operating activities                              $538                    $824
capital expenditures                                                  (208)                   (183)
free cash flow                                                         $330                    $641
net cash used in investing activities                                $(183)                  $(169)
net cash provided (used) by financing activities                     $(855)                    $473
executive summary xylem reported revenue of $5,195 million for 2021, an increase of $319 million, or 6.5%, from $4,876 million reported in 2020. on a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $197 million, or 4.0%, during the year. the increase at constant currency was driven by an increase in organic revenue of $210 million reflecting strong organic growth in the industrial, commercial and residential end markets, partially offset by organic declines in utilities, largely as a result of component shortages in our measurement & controls solutions segment.
operating income for 2021 was $585 million, reflecting an increase of $218 million, or 59.4%, compared to $367 million in 2020. operating margin was 11.3% for 2021 versus 7.5% for 2020, an increase of 380 basis points. operating margin benefited from decreases in special charges of $77 million and decreases in restructuring and realignment costs of $55 million during the year. excluding the impact of these items, adjusted operating income was $611 million, with an adjusted operating margin of 11.8% in 2021 as compared to adjusted operating income of $525 million with an adjusted operating margin of 10.8% in 2020, an increase of 100 basis points. the increase in adjusted operating margin was primarily due to cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives, favorable volume and price realization. these impacts were partially offset by cost inflation and increased spending on strategic investments.
additional financial highlights for 2021 include the following:
•net income of $427 million, or $2.35 per diluted share ($452 million or $2.49 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, up 20.9% from 2020)
•net cash provided by operating activities of $538 million and free cash flow of $330 million, down 49% from 2020
•orders of $6,300 million, up 25.2% from $5,033 million in 2020 (up 22.6% on an organic basis)
•dividends paid to shareholders increased 8% in 2021.
2022 business outlook we anticipate total revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3% in 2022, with organic revenue growth anticipated to be in the range of 3% to 5%. the following is a summary of our 2021 organic revenue performance and 2022 organic revenue outlook by end market.
•utilities revenue decreased by approximately 3% for 2021 on an organic basis driven by weakness in united states, partially offset by strength in western europe, with relatively flat growth in the emerging markets. for 2022, we expect organic revenue growth in the low-single-digit range as utilities remain focused on mission-critical applications. we expect uneven growth from china and india as multi-year government funding programs are deployed. the timing of large clean water utility project deployments has been impacted by the global shortage of electronic components. we anticipate that these deployments will ramp up when supply constraints ease in the second half of 2022 based on our strong backlog position and orders momentum. additionally, we expect healthy momentum in the global test and treatment markets with rising demand and focus on pipeline assessment services and increased demand for our smart water solution and digital offerings.
•industrial revenue increased by approximately 14% for 2021 on an organic basis driven by strength across all major geographic regions. for 2022, we expect organic revenue growth in the mid-single-digit range as activity rebounds globally. we continue to see healthy growth in our dewatering business, especially in the emerging markets from mining demand as well as in the u.s. and europe reflecting our strong orders and backlog.
•in the commercial markets, organic revenue in 2021 increased by approximately 7% driven across all major geographic regions. for 2022, we expect organic revenue growth in the mid-single-digit range. we expect continued solid replacement business in the u.s. and an acceleration of construction activity. in europe we expect modest share gains, with demand for eco-friendly products supported by increase in funding for green buildings.
•in residential markets, organic revenue increased by approximately 10% in 2021 driven by strength across all major geographic regions. this market is primarily driven by replacement revenue serviced through our distribution network. for 2022, we expect organic revenue growth in the low-single-digit to mid-single-digit range. we anticipate demand and activity to moderate and remain healthy from increased residential users in the u.s. and western europe. additionally, we continue to anticipate strong demand in china for secondary water supply product applications.
we will continue to strategically execute restructuring and realignment actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. during 2021, we incurred $6 million and $16 million in restructuring and realignment costs, respectively. we realized approximately $33 million of incremental net savings in 2021 from actions initiated in 2020, and an additional $2 million of net savings from our 2021 actions. as a result of our 2020 and 2021 actions we expect to realize approximately $8 million of incremental net savings in 2022 and beyond. during 2022, we currently expect to incur between $25 million and $30 million in restructuring and realignment costs.
we plan to continue to take actions and focus spending in 2022 on areas that allow us to make progress on our strategic priorities as well on our top priorities for 2022, which include converting our strong demand momentum into top-line growth by maximizing chip allocation and price realization, continuing our commitment to deliver margin expansion by mitigating supply chain and inflation headwinds and executing on strategic capital deployment opportunities.
results of operations
(in millions)                                                           2021                     2020                     2021 v. 2020
revenue                                                           $5,195                   $4,876                           6.5      %
gross profit                                                       1,975                    1,830                           7.9      %
gross margin                                                        38.0   %                 37.5   %                        50     bp realignment costs                                                      4                        6                        (33.3)      %
adjusted gross profit                                              1,979                    1,836                           7.8      %
adjusted gross margin                                               38.1   %                 37.7   %                        40     bp total operating expenses                                           1,390                    1,463                         (5.0)      %
expense to revenue ratio                                            26.8   %                 30.0   %                     (320)     bp restructuring and realignment costs                                 (18)                     (71)                        (74.6)      %
special charges                                                      (4)                     (81)                        (95.1)      %
adjusted operating expenses                                        1,368                    1,311                           4.3      %
adjusted operating expenses to revenue ratio                        26.3   %                 26.9   %                      (60)     bp operating income                                                     585                      367                          59.4      %
operating margin                                                    11.3   %                  7.5   %                       380     bp interest and other non-operating expense, net                         76                       82                         (7.3)      %
gain (loss) from sale of business                                      2                        -                                   nm income tax expense                                                    84                       31                         171.0      %
tax rate                                                            16.3   %                 10.9   %                       540     bp net income                                                          $427                     $254                          68.1      %
nm not meaningful
2021 versus 2020
revenue revenue generated for 2021 was $5,195 million, an increase of $319 million, or 6.5%, compared to $4,876 million in 2020. on a constant currency basis, revenue grew 4.0% during 2021. the increase at constant currency was driven by an increase in organic revenue of $210 million reflecting strong organic growth in the industrial, commercial and residential end markets, partially offset by organic declines in utilities, largely as a result of component shortages in our measurement & controls solutions segment.
the following table illustrates the impact from organic growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to revenue during 2021:
water infrastructure                            applied water                      measurement &amp; control solutions                              total xylem
(in millions)                                 $ change          % change                  $ change       % change                         $ change                % change                  $ change       % change
2020 revenue                              $2,079                                       $1,434                                       $1,363                                               $4,876
organic impact                               103               5.0     %                  145           10.1    %                     (38)                   (2.8)       %                  210            4.3    %
acquisitions/(divestitures)                    -                 -     %                    -              -    %                     (13)                   (1.0)       %                 (13)          (0.3)    %
constant currency                            103               5.0     %                  145           10.1    %                     (51)                   (3.7)       %                  197            4.0    %
foreign currency translation (a)              65               3.1     %                   34            2.4    %                       23                     1.7       %                  122            2.5    %
total change in revenue                      168               8.1     %                  179           12.5    %                     (28)                   (2.1)       %                  319            6.5    %
2021 revenue                              $2,247                                       $1,613                                       $1,335                                               $5,195
(a)foreign currency translation impact for the year primarily due to the strengthening in value of various currencies against the u.s. dollar, the largest being the euro, the chinese yuan, the british pound, the australian dollar and the canadian dollar.
water infrastructure water infrastructure revenue increased $168 million, or 8.1%, to $2,247 million in 2021 (5.0% increase on a constant currency basis) compared to 2020. revenue benefited from $65 million of foreign currency translation, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic growth of $103 million. organic growth during the year was driven by the industrial end market across all of our major geographic regions, with particular strength across the emerging markets, especially in africa where we had strong dewatering sales, and in latin america, where prior year covid-19 impacts caused significant project delays. industrial also had strong growth in western europe and oceania from continued general industrial strength. organic growth was partially offset by weakness in the utility end market, driven by softness in the dewatering business in the u.s., and weakness in the emerging markets partially offset by strength in western europe, where operational spending and project execution was strong.
from an application perspective, organic revenue growth was driven by our transport applications. the transport applications had strong dewatering revenue growth across the emerging markets, where we experienced market recovery from covid-19 impacts and strength in mining, and growth from aftermarket parts and services revenue in western europe. transport growth in these regions was partially offset by weakness in the u.s. driven by declines in the dewatering construction market. organic revenue from our treatment applications also contributed to the segment's growth during the year, driven by market recovery in western europe, and project orders in the emerging markets, which were partially offset by the timing of project deliveries latin america.
applied water applied water revenue increased $179 million, or 12.5%, in 2021 (10.1% increase on a constant currency basis) compared to 2020. revenue benefited from $34 million of foreign currency translation, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic growth during the year of $145 million. organic growth for the year included growth across all three of the applications and end markets in the segment. the organic growth was led by strength in industrial, which was primarily driven by market recovery and good backlog execution in the emerging markets, particularly in china and india, as well as strength in specialty flow control applications in both the u.s. and western europe. commercial building services had strong organic growth as we executed on healthy backlog coming into the year in the u.s., saw good covid-19 recovery in western europe and growth in the emerging markets, driven by project and backlog execution in china. residential building services also had strong organic growth in the u.s. as we executed on healthy backlog coming into the year, as well as in the emerging markets, where we experienced strong second water supply business in china.
measurement & control solutions measurement & control solutions revenue decreased $28 million, or 2.1%, in 2021 (3.7% decrease on a constant currency basis) compared to 2020. revenue benefited from $23 million of foreign currency translation during the year, with the change at constant currency driven by an organic decline of $38 million, or 2.8%, and to a lesser extent, $13 million of reduced revenue related to divestiture impacts during the year. organic weakness for the year was driven by declines in the utility end market, primarily in north america, partially offset by modest strength in western europe and the emerging markets. strength in the industrial end market, across all major geographies, partially offset revenue declines in the segment.
in order to simplify and focus the application discussion, beginning with the first quarter of 2021, have been aggregating the test application into the water application and the software as a service and other application into the water and energy applications, as applicable, as both of these sub-applications provide products and services to the broader, ultimate applications of water and energy. from an application perspective, organic revenue decline during the year was driven by declines in the electric business within the energy application in north america due to electronic component shortages. the water application had modest organic growth in western europe largely attributable to our test business and growth in the emerging markets. this growth was largely offset by declines in our metrology business in the u.s. due to deployment constraints as a result of chip shortages.
orders/backlog an order represents a legally enforceable, written document that includes the scope of work or services to be performed or equipment to be supplied to a customer, the corresponding price and the expected delivery date for the applicable products or services to be provided. an order often takes the form of a customer purchase order or a signed quote from a xylem business. orders received during 2021 increased by $1,267 million, or 25.2%, to $6,300 million (22.4% increase on a constant currency basis). order intake during the year benefited from $140 million of foreign currency translation. the increase on a constant currency basis primarily consisted of organic order growth of $1,139 million, or 22.6%, over the prior year.
the following table illustrates the impact from organic growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to orders during 2021:
water infrastructure                            applied water                      measurement &amp; control solutions                              total xylem
(in millions)                                 $ change          % change                  $ change       % change                         $ change                % change                  $ change       % change
2020 orders                               $2,134                                       $1,483                                       $1,416                                               $5,033
organic impact                               261              12.2     %                  338           22.8    %                      540                    38.1       %                1,139           22.6    %
acquisitions/(divestitures)                    -                 -     %                    -              -    %                     (12)                   (0.8)       %                 (12)          (0.2)    %
constant currency                            261              12.2     %                  338           22.8    %                      528                    37.3       %                1,127           22.4    %
foreign currency translation (a)              76               3.6     %                   39            2.6    %                       25                     1.8       %                  140            2.8    %
total change in orders                       337              15.8     %                  377           25.4    %                      553                    39.1       %                1,267           25.2    %
2021 orders                               $2,471                                       $1,860                                       $1,969                                               $6,300
(a)foreign currency translation impact for the year primarily due to the strengthening in value of various currencies against the u.s. dollar, the largest being the euro, the chinese yuan, the british pound, the australian dollar and the canadian dollar.
water infrastructure water infrastructure segment orders increased $337 million, or 15.8%, to $2,471 million (12.2% increase on a constant currency basis). order intake during the year benefited from $76 million of foreign currency translation. the order increase on a constant currency basis consisted of organic order growth in both the transport and treatment applications. organic growth in the transport application was driven by healthy market conditions in the u.s. and strong order intake in western europe, as well as increased demand for dewatering applications in the emerging markets. organic orders for the treatment application also increased during the year due to strong order intake in the first half of the year, driven by strength in the u.s. and western europe.
applied water applied water segment orders increased $377 million, or 25.4% to $1,860 million (22.8% increase on a constant currency bases). order intake during the year benefited from $39 million of foreign currency translation. the order increase on a constant currency basis was driven by organic order growth in the u.s. across all end markets and applications, where we benefited from strong demand, amplified by early ordering to mitigate longer lead times, as well as strength in the specialty flow control applications; in western europe, where we benefited from strong order intake; and in the emerging markets, driven by china, as markets conditions recovered from the covid-19 pandemic.
measurement & control solutions measurement & control solutions segment orders increased $553 million, or 39.1%, to $1,969 million (37.3% increase on a constant currency basis). order intake during the year benefited from $25 million of foreign currency translation. the order increase on a constant currency basis included organic order growth of $540 million, or 38.1% which was partially offset by a $12 million reduction in orders related to divestiture impacts during the year. organic order growth was led by the water application, primarily in our metrology business, but also from our test business. order intake in the energy application also grew organically during the year, where the electric and gas businesses benefited from covid-19 recovery, coupled with increased order intake due to the known chip shortages.
backlog backlog includes orders on hand as well as contractual customer agreements at the end of the period. delivery schedules vary from customer to customer based on their requirements. annual or multi-year contracts are subject to rescheduling and cancellation by customers due to the long-term nature of the contracts. as such, beginning total backlog, plus orders, minus revenues, will not equal ending total backlog due to contract adjustments, foreign currency fluctuations, and other factors. typically, large projects require longer lead production cycles and deployment schedules and delays occur from time to time. total backlog was $3,240 million at december 31, 2021 and $2,124 million at december 31, 2020, an increase of 52.6%. we anticipate that approximately 60% of our total backlog at december 31, 2021 will be recognized as revenue during 2022.
gross margin gross margin as a percentage of consolidated revenue increased 50 basis points to 38.0% in 2021 as compared to 37.5% in 2020. the gross margin increase for the year was primarily driven by cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives, price realization and favorable volume, partially offset by inflation.
operating expenses
(in millions)                                               2021                     2020                    change selling, general and administrative expenses          $1,179                   $1,143                      3.1    %
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                              22.7   %                 23.4   %                 (70)   bp research and development expenses                        204                      187                      9.1    %
r&amp;d as a % of revenue                                3.9   %                  3.8   %                   10   bp restructuring and asset impairment charges                 7                       75                   (90.7)    %
goodwill impairment charge                                 -                       58                  (100.0)    %
operating expenses                                    $1,390                   $1,463                    (5.0)    %
expense to revenue ratio                                26.8   %                 30.0   %                (320)   bp selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses sg&a expenses increased by $36 million (increase of 3.1%) to 22.7% of revenue in 2021, as compared to 23.4% of revenue in 2020. revenue growth was higher than sg&a increases resulting in a lower sg&a as a percentage of sales. cost increases were driven by increased investments in strategic growth initiatives and inflation, partially offset by cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives.
research and development ("r&d") expenses r&d expense was $204 million, or 3.9% of revenue, in 2021 as compared to $187 million, or 3.8% of revenue, in 2020. the increase in r&d as a percent of revenue for year was primarily driven by the company's continued focus on strategic investments during the year.
restructuring and asset impairment charges restructuring in response to the changes in business and economic conditions arising as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, on june 2, 2020 management committed to a restructuring plan that includes actions across our businesses and functions globally. the plan was designed to support our long-term financial resilience and simplify our operations, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers.
as a result of this action, during 2021, we recognized restructuring charges of $4 million and $2 million in our water infrastructure and applied water segments, respectively. these charges included reduction of headcount across both segments. other, less significant, restructuring actions taken in 2021 resulted in $3 million of charges during 2021 and are included in the information presented below.
as a result of this action, during 2020, we recognized restructuring charges of $19 million, $4 million and $30 million in our water infrastructure, applied water and measurement & control solutions segments, respectively. these charges included reduction of headcount across all segments and asset impairments within our measurement & control solutions segment. immaterial restructuring charges incurred during the first quarter of 2020 are included in the 2020 plan information presented below.
the following is a roll-forward of employee position eliminations associated with restructuring activities for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
42
2021                  2020
planned reductions - january 1                      319                   196
additional planned reductions                        83                   811
actual reductions and reversals                   (342)                 (688)
planned reductions - december 31                     60                   319
the following table presents the total costs expected to be incurred, the amount incurred in the period, and the cumulative costs incurred to date for our 2020 and 2021 restructuring actions:
(in millions)                                       water infrastructure                 applied water            measurement &amp; control solutions       corporate                      total actions commenced in 2021:
total expected costs                                         $4                              $-                   $1                                        $-                            $5
costs incurred during 2021                                    3                               -                   -                                         -                              3
total expected costs remaining                               $1                              $-                   $                                         $-                             $
actions commenced in 2020:
total expected costs                                        $23                              $6                   $30                                       $-                           $59
costs incurred during 2020                                   19                               4          30                                                 -                             53
costs incurred during 2021                                    4                               2                   -                                         -                              6
total expected costs remaining                               $-                              $-                   $-                                        $-                            $-
during the third quarter of 2021, we recorded an adjustment of $3 million to decrease the liability within the measurement & control solutions segment, related to actions commenced in 2019. as a result of this adjustment, the estimated total cost of the actions commenced in 2019 decreased to $24 million for the measurement & control solutions segment. the actions commenced in 2019 are complete.
the water infrastructure and measurement & control solutions actions commenced in 2021 consist primarily of severance charges. these actions are expected to continue through the end of 2022.
the water infrastructure, applied water, and measurement & control solutions actions commenced in 2020 consist primarily of severance charges across segments and asset impairment charges in our measurement & control solutions segment. these actions are complete.
during the second quarter of 2020 the discontinuance of a product line resulted in $17 million of asset impairments, primarily related to customer relationships, trademarks and fixed assets within our measurement & control solutions segment.
as a result of the actions initiated in 2021, we achieved savings of approximately $1 million in 2021 and estimate annual future net savings beginning in 2022 of approximately $2 million, resulting in $1 million of incremental savings from 2021 actions.
asset impairment during the second and third quarters of 2020, we determined that certain assets within our measurement & control solutions segment, including software, proprietary technology, and internally developed in-process software, were impaired. accordingly we recognized impairment charges of $21 million during the year. refer to note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets," for additional information.
goodwill impairment charge during the third quarter of 2020, the company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $58 million related to the advanced infrastructure analytics ("aia") goodwill reporting unit within our measurement & control solutions segment. the aia goodwill reporting unit is comprised of our assessment services business (primarily the pure acquisition) as well as our decision intelligence solutions business. the impairment resulted from management's updated forecast of future cash flows for the aia businesses, which reflected significant negative volume impacts, primarily on our assessment services business, due to travel restrictions and site closures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. these factors drove a decrease in the fair value, based on a discounted cash flow valuation, of the aia goodwill reporting unit that was below its carrying value, requiring an impairment charge. refer to note 12, "goodwill and other intangible assets," for additional information.
operating income and adjusted ebitda operating income was $585 million (operating margin of 11.3%) during 2021, an increase of $218 million, or 59.4%, when compared to operating income of $367 million (operating margin of 7.5%) during the prior year. operating margin benefited from decreases in special charges of $77 million and decreases in restructuring and realignment costs of $55 million as compared to the prior year. excluding these special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was $611 million (adjusted operating margin of 11.8%) for 2021 as compared to adjusted operating income of $525 million (adjusted operating margin of 10.8%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted operating margin was primarily due to cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives, favorable volume and price realization. these impacts were partially offset by cost inflation and increased spending on strategic investments.
adjusted ebitda was $890 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 17.1%) during 2021, an increase of $95 million, or 11.9%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $795 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 16.3%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting operating margin noted above.
the table below provides a reconciliation of total and each segment's operating income to adjusted operating income, and a calculation of the corresponding adjusted operating margin:
(in millions)                                    2021                     2020                               change water infrastructure operating income                             $387                     $318                     21.7               %
operating margin                             17.2   %                 15.3   %                  190              bp restructuring and realignment costs            12                       28                   (57.1)               %
adjusted operating income                    $399                     $346                     15.3               %
adjusted operating margin                    17.8   %                 16.6   %                  120              bp applied water operating income                             $240                     $205                     17.1               %
operating margin                             14.9   %                 14.3   %                   60              bp restructuring and realignment costs             7                        9                   (22.2)               %
special charges                                 1                        -                           nm           %
adjusted operating income                    $248                     $214                     15.9               %
adjusted operating margin                    15.4   %                 14.9   %                   50              bp measurement &amp; control solutions operating income (loss)                       $12                   $(106)                  (111.3)               %
operating margin                              0.9   %                (7.8)   %                  870              bp restructuring and realignment costs             3                       40                   (92.5)               %
special charges                                 -                       79                  (100.0)               %
adjusted operating income                     $15                      $13                     15.4               %
adjusted operating margin                     1.1   %                  1.0   %                   10              bp corporate and other operating loss                              $(54)                    $(50)                      8.0               %
special charges                                 3                        2                           nm adjusted operating loss                     $(51)                    $(48)                      6.3               %
total xylem operating income                             $585                     $367                     59.4               %
operating margin                             11.3   %                  7.5   %                  380              bp restructuring and realignment costs            22                       77                   (71.4)               %
special charges                                 4                       81                   (95.1)               %
adjusted operating income                    $611                     $525                     16.4               %
adjusted operating margin                    11.8   %                 10.8   %                  100              bp nm    not meaningful
45
the table below provides a reconciliation of total and each segment's adjusted ebitda to consolidated ebitda and net income:
2021
net income                                                                                                                                                       $427
net income margin                                                                                                                                           8.2     %
depreciation                                                                                                                                                      118
amortization                                                                                                                                                      127
interest expense, net                                                                                                                                              69
income tax expense                                                                                                                                                 84
ebitda                                                                                                                                                           $825
water infrastructure        applied water       measurement &amp; control solutions            other*             total ebitda                                                        $433                 $261                                      $155             $(24)              $825
restructuring and realignment                                   12                    7                                         3                 0                22
share-based compensation                                         2                    4                                         6                21                33
special charges                                                                                                                 0
(gain) loss from sale of business                                0                  (2)                                                           0               (2)
adjusted ebitda                                               $447                 $271                                      $164                $8              $890
adjusted ebitda margin                               19.9        %          16.8      %                        12.3             %                nm        17.1     %
* other includes regional selling locations, corporate and other items.
2020
net income                                                                                                                                                 $254
net income margin                                                                                                                                     5.2     %
depreciation                                                                                                                                                117
amortization                                                                                                                                                134
interest expense, net                                                                                                                                        70
income tax expense                                                                                                                                           31
ebitda                                                                                                                                                     $606
water infrastructure        applied water       measurement &amp; control solutions            other*             total ebitda                                                  $365                 $228                                       $35             $(22)              $606
restructuring and realignment                             28                    9                                        40                 0                77
share-based compensation                                                                                                  5                16                26
special charges                                            0                    0                                        79                 7                86
adjusted ebitda                                         $395                 $240                                      $159                $1              $795
adjusted ebitda margin                         19.0        %          16.7      %                        11.7             %                nm        16.3     %
* other includes regional selling locations, corporate and other items.
46
2021 versus 2020
water infrastructure        applied water       measurement &amp; control solutions            other*             total adjusted ebitda                                                $52                  $31                                        $5                $7               $95
adjusted ebitda margin                                0.9        %           0.1      %                         0.6             %                nm         0.8     %
restructuring and realignment                                 (16)                  (2)                                      (37)                 0              (55)
share-based compensation                                                                                                        1                 5                 7
special charges                                                                                                              (79)                 4              (74)
(gain) loss from sale of business                                0                  (2)                                         0                 0               (2)
ebitda                                                         $68                  $33                                      $120              $(2)              $219
* other includes regional selling locations, corporate and other items.
water infrastructure operating income for our water infrastructure segment increased $69 million, or 21.7%, during 2021 as compared to the prior year, with operating margin also increasing from 15.3% to 17.2%. operating margin benefited from a decrease in restructuring and realignment costs of $16 million in 2021. excluding these restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income increased $53 million, or 15.3%, with adjusted operating margin increasing from 16.6% to 17.8%. the increase in adjusted operating margin during the year was primarily due to cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives and favorable volume. these impacts were partially offset by cost inflation and increased spending on strategic investments.
adjusted ebitda was $447 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 19.9%) during 2021, an increase of $52 million, or 13%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $395 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 19.0%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted ebitda margin did not benefit from the year over year reduction in depreciation and amortization expense.
applied water operating income for our applied water segment increased $35 million, or 17.1%, during 2021 as compared to the prior year, with operating margin also increasing from 14.3% to 14.9%. operating margin benefited from a decrease in restructuring and realignment costs of $2 million in 2021, partially offset by an increase in special charges of $1 million. excluding these items, adjusted operating income increased $34 million, or 15.9%, with adjusted operating margin increasing from 14.9% to 15.4%. the increase in adjusted operating margin during the year was primarily due to cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives, favorable volume, and price realization. these impacts were partially offset by cost inflation and increased logistics cost, increased spending on strategic investments, increased inventory management costs.
adjusted ebitda was $271 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 16.8%) during 2021, an increase of $31 million, or 13%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $240 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 16.7%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted ebitda margin did not benefit from the year over year reduction in depreciation and amortization expense.
measurement & control solutions operating income for our measurement & control solutions segment increased $118 million, or 111.3%, during 2021 as compared to the prior year, resulting in an operating income of $12 million, with operating margin increasing from (7.8)% to 0.9%. operating margin benefited from a decrease in special charges of $79 million, and a decrease in restructuring and realignment costs of $37 million in 2021. excluding these items, adjusted operating income increased $2 million, or 15.4%, with adjusted operating margin increasing from 1.0% to 1.1%. the increase in adjusted operating margin during the year was driven by cost reductions from our productivity, restructuring and other cost saving initiatives and improved quality management costs, primarily due to a specific warranty charge recorded during the prior year that did not recur related to a firmware issue that was identified and addressed timely. these impacts were partially offset by cost inflation, unfavorable volume and increased spending on strategic investments.
47
adjusted ebitda was $164 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 12.3%) during 2021, an increase of $5 million, or 3%, when compared to adjusted ebitda of $159 million (adjusted ebitda margin of 11.7%) during the prior year. the increase in adjusted ebitda margin was due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however year over year increases in depreciation and amortization did not negatively impact adjusted ebitda margin.
corporate and other operating loss for corporate and other increased $4 million, or 8.0%, compared to the prior year. the increase in cost is primarily driven by increased spending on strategic initiatives.
interest expense interest expense was $76 million and $77 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease in interest expense reflects the settlement of our senior notes due 2021 and lower short term borrowings during 2021, partially offset by a full year of interest expense associated with our green bond issuance during the second quarter of 2020 (as defined in "funding and liquidity strategy"). see note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt and related interest.
income tax expense the income tax provision for 2021 was $84 million at an effective tax rate of 16.3% as compared to $31 million at an effective tax rate of 10.9% in 2020. the 2021 effective tax rate differs from that of 2020 primarily due to the tax benefits recorded for releases of uncertain tax positions in 2020. in addition, in 2021 the company recorded a lower tax benefit for excess stock compensation deductions.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                       2021                        2020               change operating activities            $538                        $824                   $(286)
investing activities           (183)                       (169)                   (14)
financing activities           (855)                         473                   (1,328)
foreign exchange (a)            (26)                          23                   (49)
total                         $(526)                      $1,151                   $(1,677)
(a)2021 impact is primarily due to weakening of the euro, and chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
sources and uses of liquidity operating activities during 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was $538 million, compared to $824 million in 2020. the $286 million year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by higher working capital levels, impacted by increased safety stock to mitigate supply chain volatility. also contributing to the decrease were higher interest payments, and increased cash used for income, payroll and other taxes, partially from the delayed timing of payments in the prior year related to covid-19 tax relief programs. increased cash earnings partially offset these items.
investing activities cash used in investing activities was $183 million in 2021, compared to $169 million in 2020. this increase in cash used of $14 million was mainly driven by higher spending on capital expenditures compared to the prior year, partially offset by proceeds received from the sales of businesses in 2021.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was $855 million in 2021, compared to cash generated from financing activities of $473 million in 2020. this change was primarily driven by the repayment of senior notes in 2021 and proceeds received from the issuance of our green bond (as defined in "funding and liquidity strategy") and other short-term financings in 2020 that did not reoccur in 2021. partially offsetting these items was the repayment of short-term debt in 2020.
funding and liquidity strategy our ability to fund our capital needs depends on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to bank financing and the capital markets. we continually evaluate aspects of our spending, including capital expenditures, strategic investments and dividends.
in both 2021 and 2020, we elected to utilize certain federal, state and foreign covid-19 tax relief programs related to timing of tax payments, deductions and credits to further manage our liquidity.
historically, we have generated operating cash flow sufficient to fund our primary cash needs. xylem issued senior notes of $1 billion in aggregate principal ("green bond") on june 26, 2020 to further manage our liquidity. the primary long-term intention of incurring this debt is to fund green projects across our business segments, as well as manage liquidity risk and increase flexibility, as the duration of the economic effects of the pandemic are uncertain. see note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt. xylem's liquidity position has continued to evolve favorably during 2021, and we will continue to monitor the economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the company's future operating cash flows going forward. if our cash flows from operations are less than we expect, we may need to incur debt or issue equity. from time to time, we may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (iii) the current state of the economy. there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. our securities are rated investment grade. a significant change in credit rating could impact our ability to borrow at favorable rates. refer to note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of limitations on obtaining additional funding.
we monitor our global funding requirements and seek to meet our liquidity needs on a cost-effective basis. as of december 31, 2021, the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our borrowing costs or other costs of capital, however the future impact of the covid-19 pandemic is uncertain and may increase our borrowing costs and other costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we have considered the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our liquidity and capital resources and do not currently expect them to impact our ability to meet future liquidity needs or continue to comply with debt covenants. to provide for continued access to the full capacity of our credit facilities going forward, xylem entered into amendment no. 1 to the 2019 credit facility (as defined in note 15, "credit facilities and debt") on june 22, 2020 which modified the covenant calculation methodology through the quarter ending september 30, 2021 and restricted stock repurchases until march 31, 2021, except for shares of common stock in an amount not to exceed the number of shares issued after the date of the amendment, subject to customary exceptions. see note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt.
based on our current global cash positions, cash flows from operations and access to the capital markets, we believe there is sufficient liquidity to meet our funding requirements and service debt and other obligations in both the u.s. and outside of the u.s. over the next 12 months. in addition, we believe our existing committed credit facilities and access to the public debt markets would provide further liquidity if required. currently, we have available liquidity of approximately $2.1 billion, consisting of $1.3 billion of cash and $800 million of available credit facilities as disclosed in note 15, "credit facilities and debt", of our consolidated financial statements. our debt repayment obligations in 2021 consisted of $600 million in senior notes which we paid out of cash. our next long-term debt maturity is march 2023.
risk related to these items are described in our risk factor disclosures referenced under "item 1a. risk factors".
contractual obligations material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of debt obligations and related interest payments, lease obligations and unconditional purchase obligations. refer note 15, "credit facilities and debt" and note 11, "leases" of the consolidated financial statements for related to these matters.
the company has future unconditional purchase commitments which are legally binding and that specify all significant terms including price and/or quantity. total future commitments within the next twelve months for these obligations is $326 million, excluding contracts that can be canceled without penalty.
credit facilities & long-term contractual commitments see note 15, "credit facilities and debt" of our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt.
non-u.s. operations for 2021 and 2020, we generated 56% and 53% of our revenue from non-u.s. operations, respectively. as we continue to grow our operations in the emerging markets and elsewhere outside of the u.s., we expect to continue to generate significant revenue from non-u.s. operations and expect that a substantial portion of our cash will be predominately held by our foreign subsidiaries. we expect to manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. we may transfer cash from certain international subsidiaries to the u.s. and other international subsidiaries when we believe it is cost-effective to do so. we continually review our domestic and foreign cash profile, expected future cash generation and investment opportunities and reassess whether there is a need to repatriate funds held internationally to support our u.s. operations. as of december 31, 2021, we have provided a deferred tax liability of $4 million for net foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes on $591 million of earnings expected to be repatriated to the u.s. parent as deemed necessary in the future.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. for discussion of these arrangements, see note 20, "commitments and contingencies" of the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are discussed in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of the consolidated financial statements. accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they are inherently uncertain, involve significant judgments, include areas where different estimates reasonably could have been used, and changes in the estimates that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
revenue recognition. xylem recognizes revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled for providing those goods and services. for each arrangement with a customer, we identify the contract and the associated performance obligations within the contract, determine the transaction price of that contract, allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation and recognize revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.
the satisfaction of performance obligations in a contract is based upon when the customer obtains control over the asset. depending on the nature of the performance obligation, control transfers either at a particular point in time, or over time which determines the recognition pattern of revenue.
for product sales, other than long-term construction-type contracts, we recognize revenue once control has passed at a point in time, which is generally when products are shipped. in instances where contractual terms include a provision for customer acceptance, revenue is recognized when either (i) we have previously demonstrated that the product meets the specified criteria based on either seller or customer-specified objective criteria or (ii) upon formal acceptance received from the customer where the product has not been previously demonstrated to meet customer-specified objective criteria. we recognize revenue on product sales to channel partners, including resellers, distributors or value-added solution providers, at the point in time when the risks and rewards, possession, and title have transferred to the customer, which usually occurs at the point of delivery.
revenue from performance obligations related to services is primarily recognized over time, as the performance obligations are satisfied. in these instances, the customer consumes the benefit of the service as xylem performs.
certain businesses also enter into long-term construction-type sales contracts where revenue is recognized over time. in these instances, revenue is recognized using a measure of progress that applies an input method based on costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs. we also recognize revenue for certain of these arrangements using the output method and measure progress based on shipments of product where control has transferred to the customer.
for all contracts with customers, we determine the transaction price in the arrangement and allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the contract. judgment is required to determine the appropriate unit of account, and we separate out the performance obligations if they are capable of being distinct and are distinct within the context of the contract. the transaction price is adjusted for our estimate of variable consideration, which may include a right of return, discounts, rebates, penalties and retainage. to estimate variable consideration, we apply the expected value or the most likely amount method, based on whichever method most appropriately predicts the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to. the method applied is typically based on historical experience and known trends. we constrain the amounts of variable consideration that are included in the transaction price, to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when uncertainties around the variable consideration are resolved.
income taxes. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences will reverse. based on the evaluation of available evidence, we recognize future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that we believe it is more likely than not we will realize these benefits. we periodically assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and reflect any changes to our estimate of the amount we are more likely than not to realize in the valuation allowance, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we look to the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, taxable income in carryback years and the feasibility of tax planning strategies and estimated future taxable income. the valuation allowance can be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and changes to future taxable income estimates.
we have recorded net foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes on earnings that are expected to be repatriated to the u.s. parent. we have not recorded any deferred taxes on the amounts that the company currently does not intend to repatriate. the determination of deferred taxes on this amount is not practicable.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. furthermore, we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if based on the technical merits of the position it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities or upon completion of the litigation process. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.
we adjust our liability for uncertain tax positions in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional tax expense would result. if a payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary.
business combinations. we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contractual contingencies and contingent consideration is recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. these assumptions and estimates include a market participant's use of the asset and the appropriate discount rates for a market participant. our estimates are based on historical experience, information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and, when appropriate, includes assistance from independent third-party appraisal firms. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the cost to build/recreate certain technology, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates.
goodwill and intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. we also review the carrying value of our finite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment when impairment indicators arise. we conduct our annual impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter. for goodwill, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then an impairment charge is recognized for that excess up to the amount of recorded goodwill. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using an income approach. we estimate the fair value of our intangible assets with indefinite lives using either the income approach or the market approach. under the income approach, we calculate fair value based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. under the market approach, we calculate fair value based on recent sales and selling prices of similar assets.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, particularly related to future operating results and cash flows. these estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, assumed royalty rates, future economic and market conditions and identification of appropriate market comparable data. in addition, the identification of reporting units and the allocation of assets and liabilities to the reporting units when determining the carrying value of each reporting unit also require judgment. goodwill is tested for impairment at either the operating segment identified in note 22, "segment and geographic data," of the consolidated financial statements, or one level below. the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets is based on estimates and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. significant changes to these estimates and assumptions could adversely impact our conclusions. actual future results may differ from those estimates.
in the third quarter of 2020, management updated forecasts of future cash flows for the aia businesses, which reflected significant negative volume impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, primarily on our assessment services business. our ongoing investment in the aia businesses also continues to impact near term profitability. based on these factors we determined that there were indicators that the aia reporting unit's goodwill may be impaired, and accordingly, we performed an interim goodwill impairment test as of july 1, 2020. the results of the impairment test showed that the fair value of the aia reporting unit was lower than the carrying value, resulting in a $58 million goodwill impairment charge. as of december 31, 2020, the remaining goodwill balance in our aia reporting unit after recording the goodwill impairment charge was $113 million.
also, during the third quarter of 2020, due to the factors discussed above, we assessed whether the carrying amounts of the aia reporting unit's long-lived assets may not be recoverable and therefore impaired. our assessment resulted in an impairment charge of $11 million, primarily related to software and proprietary technology. the charge was calculated using an income approach.
the risks and potential impacts of covid-19 on the fair value of our assets are included in our risk factor disclosures referenced under "item 1a. risk factors".
during the fourth quarter of 2021, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined that the estimated fair values of our goodwill reporting units were substantially in excess of each of their carrying values. however, future goodwill impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. we will continue to evaluate goodwill on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter and whenever events and changes in circumstances require us to do so. we determined that no impairment of the indefinite-lived intangibles existed as of the measurement date in 2021. however, future indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests could result in a charge to earnings. we will continue to evaluate indefinite-lived intangibles on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter and whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate there may be a potential impairment.
post-retirement benefit plans. company employees around the world participate in numerous defined benefit plans. the determination of projected benefit obligations and the recognition of expenses related to these plans are dependent on various assumptions. these major assumptions primarily relate to discount rates, expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality, years of service and other factors (some of which are disclosed in note 16, "post-retirement benefit plans," of the consolidated financial statements). actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized on a straight-line basis only to the extent they exceed 10% of the higher of the market-related value or projected benefit obligation, over the average remaining service period of active plan participants, or for plans with all or substantially all inactive participants, over the average remaining life expectancy.
significant assumptions management develops each assumption using relevant company experience, in conjunction with market-related data for each individual country in which such plans exist. all assumptions are reviewed annually with third-party consultants and are adjusted as necessary. the table below provides the weighted average assumptions used to estimate our defined benefit pension obligations and costs as of and for the years ended 2021 and 2020.
2021                                                                                                                  2020
u.s.                int'l                 u.s.                int'l benefit obligation assumptions discount rate                                      3.00   %             1.55   %             2.50   %             1.06   %
rate of future compensation increase                     nm             2.84   %                   nm             2.79   %
net periodic benefit cost assumptions discount rate                                      2.50   %             1.06   %             3.25   %             1.80   %
expected long-term return on plan assets           6.50   %             2.60   %             6.50   %             2.82   %
rate of future compensation increase                     nm             2.79   %                   nm             2.94   %
nm    not meaningful. the pension benefits for future service for all the u.s. pension plans are based on years of service and not impacted by future compensation increases.
we determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by evaluating both historical returns and estimates of future returns. specifically, the company analyzes the estimated future returns based on independent estimates of asset class returns and evaluates historical broad market returns over long-term timeframes based on the strategic asset allocation, which is detailed in note 16, "post-retirement benefit plans," of the consolidated financial statements.
based on the approach described above, the chart below shows weighted average actual returns versus the weighted average expected long-term rates of return for our pension plans that were utilized in the calculation of the net periodic pension cost for each respective year.
2021                                                                                    2020
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets            3.24   %                3.46   %
actual rate of return on plan assets                        1.66   %               14.06   %
for the recognition of net periodic pension cost, the calculation of the expected return on plan assets is generally derived by applying the expected long-term rate of return to the market-related value of plan assets. the market-related value of plan assets is based on average asset values at the measurement date over the last five years. the use of fair value, rather than a calculated value, could materially affect net periodic pension cost. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return for all of our plan assets to be used in determining net periodic benefit costs for 2022 is estimated at 3.22%. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the expected return on plan assets impacts the expense by $1 million.
the discount rate reflects our expectation of the present value of expected future cash payments for benefits at the measurement date. a decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension expense. we base the discount rate assumption on current investment yields of high-quality fixed income investments during the retirement benefits maturity period. the pension discount rate was determined by considering an interest rate yield curve comprising aaa/aa bonds, with maturities between zero and 30 years, developed by the plan's actuaries. annual benefit payments are then discounted to present value using this yield curve to develop a single-point discount rate matching the plan's characteristics. our weighted average discount rate for all pension plans effective january 1, 2022, is 1.71%. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the expense by $1 million.
the rate of future compensation increase assumption reflects our long-term actual experience and future and near-term outlook. effective january 1, 2022, our expected rate of future compensation is 2.96% for all pension plans. the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of future compensation is less than $1 million.
the company has initiated the process for a full buy-out of its largest defined benefit plan in the uk. upon completion of the buy-out, expected in 2022, we anticipate a settlement charge of approximately $170 million, primarily consisting of unrecognized actuarial losses.
we currently anticipate making contributions to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans in the range of $19 million to $27 million during 2022. approximately $6 million of contributions are expected to be made in the first quarter.
funded status funded status is derived by subtracting the respective year-end values of the projected benefit obligations from the fair value of plan assets. we estimate that every 25 basis point change in the discount rate impacts the funded status by approximately $34 million.
fair value of plan assets the plan assets of our pension plans comprise a broad range of investments, including domestic and foreign equity securities, interests in hedge funds, fixed income investments, insurance contracts, and cash and cash equivalents.
a portion of our pension benefit plan assets portfolio comprises investments in hedge funds which are generally measured at net asset value. however, in certain instances, the values reported by the asset managers were not current at the measurement date. accordingly, we made estimate adjustments to the last reported value where necessary to measure the assets at fair value at the measurement date. these adjustments consider information received from the asset managers, as well as general market information. the adjustment recorded at december 31, 2021 and 2020 for these assets represented less than 1% of total plan assets in each respective year. asset values for other positions were generally measured using market observable prices. we estimate that a 5% change in asset values will impact funded status by approximately $31 million.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2, "recently issued accounting pronouncements," of the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
