In our digital media segment, we are a market leader with creative cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile apps and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich content and immersive 3D experiences. Creative cloud includes Adobe Express, a web and mobile app designed to enable a broad spectrum of users, including novice content creators, communicators and creative professionals, to create, edit and customize content quickly and easily with content-first, task-based solutions. We fulfill our promise to customers by providing access to a solution that integrates cloud-based and on-premise features that, together through their integration, provide functionalities, utility and workflow efficiencies that could not be obtained from either the on-premise software or cloud services on their own. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with existing users, continue to attract new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We have also built out a marketplace for creative cloud subscribers to enable the delivery and purchase of stock content in our Adobe Stock service. Our document cloud offerings enhance the way people manage critical documents at home, in the office and across devices, including Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign and Adobe Scan. As part of our creative cloud and document cloud strategies, we utilize a data-driven operating model and our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to raise awareness of our products, drive new customer acquisition, engagement and retention, and optimize customer journeys, which continue to contribute strong product-led growth in the business. Our differentiation and competitive advantage are strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to integrate our comprehensive set of solutions. Adobe Experience Cloud delivers solutions for our customers across strategic growth pillars, including data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys, and marketing planning and workflow. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. Investments in research and development are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant investments in the development of our subscription and service offerings, apps and tools. Our success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue has positively affected our revenue growth, with total digital media ARR growing to $15.17 billion at the end of fiscal 2023, up from $13.26 billion at the end of fiscal 2022. Digital experience revenue was $4.89 billion in fiscal 2023, up from $4.42 billion in fiscal 2022, driven by an increase in subscription revenue, which grew to $4.33 billion in fiscal 2023 from $3.88 billion in fiscal 2022. We continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of macroeconomic conditions on our business and financial results, including the effects of increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions and geopolitical pressures. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate due to changes in our planned cash outlay, and we expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, purchases of computer and server hardware to operate our network infrastructure, and strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our business.