The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products, which we view as critical to our future growth. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily a result of higher net income adjusted for noncash items. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds held by our foreign subsidiaries and the cost-effectiveness by which those funds can be accessed in the United States. The increase in gross margin percentage was partially offset by lower utilization of our factories due to decreasing customer demand during fiscal 2023. We continue to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and perform procedures that respond to those risks. Our audits included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. The critical audit matter communicated relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The company’s sales contracts provide certain distributors with credits for price protection and rights of return, which results in variable consideration. Auditing the company’s measurement for price protection credits under distributor contracts involved especially challenging judgment because the calculation involves subjective management assumptions about estimates of expected price protection credits. We believe that a continued commitment to R&D is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. The estimation of costs at completion of a contract is subject to numerous variables involving contract costs and estimates as to the length of time to complete the contract. Changes in contract performance, estimated gross margin, including the impact of final contract settlements, and estimated losses are recognized in the period in which the changes or losses are determined. Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were below the U.S. statutory rate due to lower statutory tax rates applicable to our operations in the foreign jurisdictions in which we earn income. We expect capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 to be between approximately $600.0 million and $800.0 million, which will be funded with a combination of cash on hand and cash expected to be generated from future operations. The terms of the revolving credit agreement impose restrictions on our ability to undertake certain transactions, to create certain liens on assets, and to incur certain subsidiary indebtedness. We have established a commercial paper program under which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes in amounts up to a maximum aggregate face amount of $2.5 billion outstanding at any time. The increase in operating income in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily the result of a $344.7 million increase in gross margin and a $113.8 million decrease in special charges, net.