The company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. Customer expectations and preferences are changing, indicating that existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that are easily understood and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. The company continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and the use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance applications by allowing the customer and an operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. The company has committed $400 million to Aflac Ventures, LLC, which supports the organic growth and business development needs of Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets. The company utilizes a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, a U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen, and a portfolio of unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated assets. The company employs policy reserve matching investment strategies to reduce sensitivity to interest rate changes. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. The company has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. The company monitors the estimated fair values obtained from its pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month while considering current market conditions. The company continually evaluates the program's efficacy and utilizes third-party asset managers to source, underwrite, and manage each loan. The company has also undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's solvency margin, including the use of foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral. The company has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility as a capital contingency plan. The company’s investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's profitability. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. The company utilizes various strategies, including derivatives, to manage risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.