We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating and placing all forms of insurance or coverage, as well as providing data analytics, risk-shifting, risk-sharing and risk-mitigation consulting services, principally related to property/casualty, life, health, welfare and disability insurance. We also provide these services through, or in conjunction with, other unrelated agents and brokers, consultants and management advisors. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. The increase in operating expenses in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to expenses associated with the acquisitions completed in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, and additional investments in technology. We are engaged in providing insurance brokerage, reinsurance brokerage, consulting services, and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities and individuals around the world. Our brokerage units are very active in alternative markets, which have historically reduced commission revenue to us, but such trends generally have been accompanied by new sales and renewal increases in the areas of risk management, claims management, captive insurance and self-insurance services and related growth in fee revenue. We have three reportable segments: brokerage, risk management and corporate. The brokerage segment accounted for 86% of our revenue in 2023. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. We also believe that using this non-GAAP measure allows readers of our financial statements to measure, analyze and compare the growth from our brokerage and risk management segments in a meaningful and consistent manner. The risk management segment accounted for 14% of our revenue in 2023, providing contract claim settlement, claim administration, loss control services and risk management consulting for various organizations that choose to self-insure property/casualty coverages. We anticipate that our clean energy investments will produce after-tax losses in 2024. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualified for tax credits under IRC section 45. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2024. Our cash flows from operations are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted, for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, change in estimated acquisition earnout payables, deferred compensation, restricted stock, and stock-based and other non-cash compensation expenses. We use the proceeds of our offerings to fund acquisitions, earnout payments related to acquisitions and general corporate purposes. We have entered into a new credit agreement providing for a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility, which permits us to designate wholly-owned subsidiaries located in certain jurisdictions as additional borrowers. The credit agreement contains various financial covenants that require us to maintain specified financial ratios, and we were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2023. Our investments in IT and software development projects are expected to enhance our operational efficiency and support our growth strategy.