Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations highlights that our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. We work closely with our global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The semiconductor systems segment is primarily driven by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, and 5G networks are creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Our significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We believe that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers' most advanced designs. The applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, and factory automation software for semiconductor, display, and solar products. Demand for applied global services' solutions is driven by our large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by changes in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and higher utilization rates. Our investments in technology allow us to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies. The display and adjacent markets segment focuses on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale LCD TVs, OLEDs, and other display technologies. The segment is focused on development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields. Our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide is essential, and development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is affected by the timing of next-generation process development and capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. Our results can vary significantly year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter due to these market dynamics. The organizational capabilities we develop through our IT investments are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting strategic resource allocation, which ultimately contributes to our competitive positioning in the market.