During 2023, we successfully launched multiple leadership products across our business and made important progress on our artificial intelligence (AI) strategy. We announced the availability of the AMD Instinct MI300x accelerators designed to deliver leadership performance for generative AI workloads and high-performance computing (HPC) applications. Our AI strategy is focused on delivering a broad portfolio and multigenerational roadmap of leadership CPUs, GPUs, and adaptive computing solutions for AI inference and training, extending the open software platform we have established to enable our AI hardware to be deployed broadly and with ease. We strengthened our AI software capabilities with strategic acquisitions during the year, including the acquisition of Mipsology SAS, an AI software company, to help develop the full AMD AI software stack and expand the open ecosystem of software tools, libraries, and models. We further expanded our open AI software capabilities with the acquisition of Nod, Inc., an open AI software company, in October 2023, whose technology helps accelerate the deployment of AI solutions optimized for AMD Instinct data center accelerators, Ryzen AI processors, EPYC processors, Versal SoCs, and Radeon GPUs. The increase in gross margin was primarily driven by higher embedded segment revenue and lower amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, partially offset by lower client segment revenue and product mix. Research and development expenses increased by 17%, primarily due to higher employee-related costs to support increased investment in AI. Our operating results tend to vary seasonally, and we expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. The demand for our data center GPU products was very strong, with large hyperscaler customers committed to deploying our next-generation AMD Instinct MI300 accelerators. We also expanded our embedded processor portfolio with powerful, scalable offerings for a variety of embedded applications. The increase in net revenue in the embedded segment was primarily driven by the inclusion of embedded product revenue from Xilinx, Inc. for the full twelve months period in 2023. Our AI engagements expanded with a broad set of data center customers during the year, and we continued to execute our end-to-end AI hardware strategy and drive development of a comprehensive software ecosystem that will span our full product portfolio. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures and purchase commitments, over the next 12 months and beyond. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes, which are critical to the presentation of our financial statements and require significant judgment. Our estimates of necessary adjustments for distributor price incentives and price protection on unsold products held by distributors are based on actual historical incentives provided to distributor customers and known future price movements based on our internal and external market data analysis. Overall, our estimates of adjustments to contract price due to variable consideration under our contracts with OEM and distributor customers have been materially consistent with actual results.