Amgen's approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must grow sales from existing and new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses from when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our newly established rare disease therapeutic area is designed to maximize the potential of medicines acquired in connection with our Horizon acquisition. We are advancing our pipeline of innovative medicines, including initiating and completing enrollment of our phase 2 study of maridebart cafraglutide for the treatment of obesity; announcing results from our phase 2 study of tarlatamab in patients with SCLC; and rapidly enrolling patients in phase 2 and phase 3 studies for several of our later-stage clinical programs across our therapeutic areas. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to company values, and align with the interests of the company's shareholders. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. We are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from health-related events, including changes from new COVID-19 variants; we are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials; and we are evaluating the impact in all relevant countries. Our product sales were affected by reduced demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the cumulative decrease in diagnoses over the course of the pandemic suppressed the volume of new patients starting treatment, which continues to impact the business. Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including higher inflation, rising interest rates and instability in the financial system, as well as rising healthcare costs continue to pose challenges to our business. We face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. We are under examination by the IRS for the years 2016-2018 with respect to issues similar to those for the 2010 through 2015 period. We continue to believe our accrual for income tax liabilities is appropriate based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, application of the tax law to our facts and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes and uncertain resolution of these matters, the ultimate outcome of any tax matters may result in payments substantially greater than amounts accrued and could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices of the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, U.S. state jurisdictions and other countries in which we do business. Significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.