The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We report our results in seven segments, including data centers and services, which are critical to our business strategy. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, and we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases, and we have experienced variability and a level of uncertainty in collections in certain markets. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and the penetration of advanced wireless devices. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our strategic review of our business has led us to assess opportunities to repurpose capital to drive long-term shareholder value and sustained growth. We expect that our churn rate in our U.S. & Canada property segment will remain elevated due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, driving our tenants to deploy additional equipment across their existing networks. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. The strategic partnerships we have built with our tenants significantly reduce colocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending December 31, 2024, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will suffice to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions. We will continue to evaluate the carrying value of our assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges.