We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of the VMware merger and any further acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 35% of our net revenue for each of fiscal years 2023 and 2022. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the VMware merger and any further acquisitions we may make. Our strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. The preliminary purchase consideration for the VMware merger was approximately $86.3 billion, enhancing our infrastructure software capabilities.