We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support growth initiatives and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Continued progress on our initiatives improved our operating performance for the fiscal year. We expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2023, with investments directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which includes expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by our growth initiatives, including new stores, hub and mega hub expansion initiatives and supply chain projects. Our investments are expected to be impacted by different factors, including whether the building and land are purchased or leased and whether such buildings are located in the U.S., Mexico or Brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Extended payment terms from our vendors have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 124.9% at August 26, 2023, and 129.5% at August 27, 2022. Our cash flows from operations are below last year primarily due to unfavorable changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Our net cash flows used in investing activities were $876.2 million, $648.1 million and $601.8 million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We invested $796.7 million, $672.4 million and $621.8 million in capital assets in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due and fund our share repurchases over the short-term and long-term. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. As the number of seven year old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. We have also experienced continued pressure on average hourly wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2023. Some of this is attributed to regulatory changes in certain states and municipalities, while the larger portion is being driven by general market pressures and some specific actions taken recently by other retailers. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to inflation, fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions. We cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. We believe our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities.