BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. The company believes that the strategic re-architecture of the organization to embed its ETF and index expertise across the entire firm will simplify and improve how the company works and delivers for clients. Additionally, BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The planned combination of Global Infrastructure Partners with BlackRock's complementary infrastructure offerings is expected to create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Market volatility, growing cost pressures, and complexity in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need for enterprise operating and risk management technology, which should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is empowering clients with data and opening Aladdin by creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems, and others. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements in openness supporting ecosystem partnerships, and advancing whole portfolio solutions including private markets and digital assets are expected to further augment the value of using Aladdin. The company believes that bringing Global Infrastructure Partners and BlackRock together will deliver to clients the benefits of broader origination and business improvement capabilities. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock; drive growth in ETFs, private markets, and technology; be the global leader in sustainable investing; and lead as a whole portfolio advisor. The ETF industry has been growing rapidly, driven by structural tailwinds including the use of ETFs as active tools, the migration from commission-based to fee-based wealth management, growth in model portfolios, expansion of digital wealth platforms, and the modernization of the bond market. BlackRock views ETFs as a technology that facilitates investing, and ETFs have become core to asset management. The company believes that the organizational architecture changes that include embedding the ETF and index business across the entire firm will accelerate the growth of ETFs and other investment strategies at BlackRock.