Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. Our operating businesses have been impacted by government and private sector actions taken to mitigate the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 virus and its variants, as well as by the development of global geopolitical conflicts, supply chain disruptions, and government actions to slow inflation. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis, with few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. Our insurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories, except in bhrg's retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting has been audited by an independent registered public accounting firm. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Berkshire's shareholders' equity was $561.3 billion, an increase of $87.8 billion since the previous year. Our common stock repurchase program permits us to repurchase shares at prices below intrinsic value. We will not repurchase our stock if it reduces our consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. treasury bills holdings to below $30 billion. We maintain substantial liquidity and prioritize financial strength. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. treasury bills of $163.3 billion. We continue to hold substantial balances in short-term investments, including U.S. treasury bills. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated borrowings were $128.3 billion, with over 95% by the parent company and subsidiaries. Our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows between $37 billion and $49 billion. Our consolidated capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment were $19.4 billion, which included significant investments by our subsidiaries. We are also obligated to pay claims arising from our property and casualty insurance companies, with liabilities approximating $146 billion. The timing and amount of ultimate loss payments are contingent upon various factors, including the timing of claim reporting and the final determination of loss amounts through the loss adjustment process. We utilize various actuarial methodologies to estimate liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, which require significant judgment and are subject to uncertainties.