We continue to upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. Our advanced wifi, a managed wifi service that provides customers an optimized home network and greater control over connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to all of our internet customers. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with increasing availability of out-of-home wifi access points across our footprint. We also continue to develop our video product. We are beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance, all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth and retention. We capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities and expected benefits of utilizing loss carryforwards, including indefinite lived carryovers. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. The increase in capital expenditures excluding line extensions was primarily driven by higher spend on network evolution, support capital and customer premise equipment, particularly xumo. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. The timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including investing in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, the build-out and deployment of our cbrs spectrum, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We are also beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance, all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth and retention. Our capital expenditures were $11.1 billion and $9.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in line extensions in connection with our subsidized rural construction initiative and continued residential and commercial network expansion. The actual amount of capital expenditures in 2024 will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the pace of our network evolution and expansion initiatives, supply chain timing and growth rates in our residential and commercial businesses.