We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses: connectivity & platforms and content & experiences. We continue to invest in our network to support higher-speed broadband offerings and to expand the number of homes and businesses passed. An increasingly competitive environment and continued low domestic household move levels have had negative impacts on our customer relationships additions/(losses). We believe our residential connectivity revenue will increase as a result of growth in average domestic broadband revenue per customer, as well as increases in domestic wireless and international connectivity revenue. Global economic conditions and consumer sentiment have in the past, and may continue to, adversely impact demand for our products and services and our results of operations. We focus on growing our higher-margin connectivity businesses while managing overall operating costs. Our adjusted EBITDA margin reflects the year-over-year basis point change. We expect to continue investment in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks, including the development of epic universe, which we believe will have a positive impact on attendance and guest spending. We expect that the number of subscribers and audience ratings at our linear television networks will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns, which we aim to mitigate over time by continued growth in paid subscribers and advertising revenue at Peacock. Our results in prior periods were impacted by temporary restrictions and closures at our international theme parks due to COVID-19. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facility; and our ability to obtain future external financing. Our capital expenditures increased primarily due to increased spending on line extensions and scalable infrastructure, partially offset by decreased spending on customer premise equipment and support capital. We expect our capital expenditures in 2024 will continue to be focused on investments in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential passings in the connectivity & platforms business, in scalable infrastructure as we increase capacity and continue to execute our plans to upgrade our network to deliver multigigabit speeds, and in the continued deployment of wireless gateways. We expect continued declines in video revenue as a result of domestic customer net losses due to shifting video consumption patterns and the competitive environment, although customer net losses typically mitigate the impact of continued rate increases on programming expenses. Business services connectivity revenue increased in 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenue from small business customers, driven by an increase in average rates, and an increase in revenue from medium-sized and enterprise customers. We continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses and improving overall operating cost management. The increase in average monthly adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses. The substantial majority of our owned content is evaluated for impairment on an individual title basis. We capitalize the costs of licensed content when the license period begins, the content is made available for use and the costs of the licenses are known. We recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports rights as the rights are utilized over the contract term based on estimated relative value.