As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry higher levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our operations are also affected by geopolitical risks, currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, public health crises, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. We serve our customers through a service network of approximately 450 wholly-owned, joint venture, and independent distributor locations and more than 19,000 certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories. Our reportable operating segments consist of components, engine, distribution, power systems, and accelera, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The components segment includes software and electronics, which develops, supplies, and remanufactures control units, specialty sensors, power electronics, actuators, and software for on-highway, off-highway, and power generation applications. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods. Research activities continue to focus on the development of new products and improvements of current technologies to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components, as well as development activities around hydrogen engine solutions, battery electric, fuel cell electric, and hydrogen production technologies. The increase in gross margin was mainly due to favorable pricing and higher volumes, including sales of axles and brakes from the Meritor acquisition, partially offset by higher compensation expenses. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry, region, or the economy of any single country or customer on our consolidated results. We expect demand for medium-duty trucks in North America to remain strong and anticipate demand in our aftermarket business will continue to be robust, driven primarily by strong demand in our engine business and power systems business. The ongoing separation of Atmus, our filtration business, into a stand-alone company will continue to result in incremental expenses. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our access to capital markets, existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow, and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to make payments required by the agreement in principle, targeted capital expenditures, dividend payments, debt service obligations, projected pension obligations, common stock repurchases, and fund acquisitions through 2024 and beyond. We recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S.