We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. Operating costs and expenses consist primarily of operating personnel, rent, vehicle transportation, insurance, property-related taxes, fuel, equipment maintenance and repair, marketing costs directly related to the auction process, and costs of vehicles sold under the purchase contracts. We seek to increase revenues and profitability by acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, including foreign markets, pursuing global, national, and regional vehicle seller agreements, increasing our service offerings, and expanding the application of vb3 into new markets. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements in the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, acquiring yard equipment, and lease buyouts of certain facilities. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our effective income tax rates were 20.4% and 18.7% for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and a valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Our primary source of working capital is cash operating results and debt financing. The primary factors affecting cash operating results are seasonality, market wins and losses, supplier mix, accident frequency, total loss frequency, volume from our existing suppliers, commodity pricing, used car pricing, foreign currency exchange rates, product mix, contract mix to the extent applicable, our capital expenditures, and other macroeconomic factors. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. The increase in total other income for fiscal 2023 was primarily due to higher interest income earned from treasury bills, realized and unrealized foreign currency gains, net against a decrease in interest expense and decrease of extinguishment of debt offset by losses from equity method investments. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world.