The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. The company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. CSX has seen an improvement in service metrics throughout 2023. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company intends to fund capital investments primarily through cash generated from operations. Management is committed to investments that promote profitable growth, including projects supporting service enhancements and productivity initiatives, including investments in locomotives and freight cars. The company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. The company filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC on February 16, 2022, which may be used to issue debt or equity securities at CSX's discretion, subject to market conditions and CSX board authorization. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders. Capital structure, capital investments and cash distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors. Management's assessment of market conditions and other factors guides the timing and volume of repurchases. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. The company is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. The company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances. The company is party to contractual arrangements that obligate it to make future cash payments. The company's contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, purchase commitments, leases, other post-employment benefits and agreements with Conrail. The company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 230 environmentally impaired sites. The company reviews its potential liability with respect to each site identified, giving consideration to a number of factors such as type of clean-up required and nature of the company's alleged connection to the location. The company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to pension plans subject to the assumptions that the company determines are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates and future projections. The company measures the service and interest cost components of the net pension benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year. The company is committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit profile. The cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by CSX's long-term credit ratings. The company is focused on enhancing its operational efficiency and effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and management practices that leverage technology capabilities. The company remains focused on its strong safety culture, including instilling the importance of safety in new hires.