Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes get ready to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance customers' image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. The company’s principal objective is to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize long-term value for shareholders and working partners, which provides the framework and focus for Cintas' business strategy. This strategy aims to achieve revenue growth for all products and services by increasing penetration at existing customers and broadening the customer base to include market segments not historically served. Cintas has a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals visiting customers regularly, enabling the development of close personal relationships. The combination of the distribution system and strong customer relationships provides a platform for launching additional products and services. The company evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and operating income, regularly reviewing its operating segments for reporting purposes based on information its chief operating decision maker reviews for resource allocation and performance assessment. Cintas' total revenue for fiscal 2023 was $8.8 billion, an increase of 12.2% over the prior fiscal year, driven by increased sales volume and organic growth. The uniform rental and facility services reportable operating segment revenue increased 10.8% compared to fiscal 2022, positively impacted by new business and the penetration of additional products and services into existing customers. The cost of uniform rental and facility services increased 9.5% compared to fiscal 2022, primarily due to higher sales volume and investments in material costs to support revenue growth. Selling and administrative expenses increased as a percent of revenue, primarily due to a one-time gain recorded in fiscal 2022. The first aid and safety services reportable operating segment revenue increased 14.3% compared to fiscal 2022, driven by new business sold by sales representatives and strong customer retention. The gross margin for this segment improved due to a decrease in the proportion of sales related to personal protective equipment, which typically have lower gross margins. Cintas' cash flows from operating activities have historically supplied a significant source of liquidity, used to fund operations, expansion activities, and dividends. The company expects these cash flows to remain sufficient for adequate liquidity levels. Capital expenditures increased to support continued market penetration and revenue growth, with significant investments in the uniform rental and facility services and first aid and safety services reportable operating segments. The company’s ability to access commercial paper and long-term debt markets has historically provided sources of liquidity to meet cash obligations, and it does not anticipate difficulty in obtaining financing in the future. The strategic objectives of acquisitions, repurchases of common stock, and dividends will depend on the economic outlook and liquidity of the company. Cintas regularly reviews its operating segments and evaluates performance based on revenue and operating income, reflecting its commitment to leveraging resources effectively to support business strategies and enhance operational efficiency.