The company is creating new sources of value through its integrated model allowing it to expand into personalized, technology-driven care delivery and health services, increasing access to quality care, delivering better health outcomes, and lowering overall health care costs. The health services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, delivers health care services in its medical clinics, virtually, and in the home, and offers provider enablement solutions. The company completed the acquisition of two key health care delivery assets to enhance its ability to execute on its care delivery strategy by advancing its primary care, home-based care, and provider enablement capabilities. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The company has formed a new health services segment, which in addition to providing a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, also delivers health care services in the company's medical clinics, virtually, and in the home, as well as provider enablement solutions. The company expects growth in its new Cordavis, Oak Street Health, and Signify Health businesses. Competitive pressures in the pharmacy benefit management industry have caused the company to continue to share with clients a larger portion of rebates, fees, and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. The company expects benefits from enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives and investments in efficiencies, which aim to reduce the company's operating cost structure in a way that improves the consumer experience and is sustainable. The company maintains a level of liquidity sufficient to allow it to meet its cash needs in the short term and continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases, and future investments or acquisitions. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives. The company recorded office real estate optimization charges associated with its initiative to evaluate its corporate office real estate space in response to its new flexible work arrangement. The company has also established revenue recognition policies for the health services segment, which include recognizing revenue when control of the prescription drugs is transferred to customers. The company utilizes various metrics, including pharmacy claims processed and generic dispensing rates, to evaluate the effectiveness of its business and to understand trends in segment total revenues and operating results. The health care benefits segment's health care costs payable include estimates of the ultimate cost of services rendered to the segment's insured members but not yet reported to the company. The company has observed an increase in completion factors relative to those assumed at the prior year end, resulting in a decrease in health care costs payable that related to the prior year. The company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets and goodwill, with impairment tests performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such an asset may not be recoverable. The company has recorded no impairment losses on indefinite-lived intangible assets in recent years. The company’s strategic decisions regarding its technology deployment and investments are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting its business transformation initiatives.