During 2023, the company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions and identify and consummate appropriate investments and strategic partnerships, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the company's sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development (particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications and digitization) in most of the company's served markets. The company's individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. The company believes that reporting non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in Danaher's business and facilitating comparisons of Danaher's revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to Danaher's peers. The company is focused on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The company expects core revenue for the bioprocessing business to decline for the full year 2024, as core revenue declines in the first half of 2024 more than offset a gradual improvement to core revenue growth by the end of 2024. The company incurred acquisition-related costs for the Abcam acquisition of $87 million and intangible asset impairment charges totaling $64 million, both of which negatively impacted SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses (including capital expenditures), consummating strategic acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying dividends, funding restructuring activities and managing its capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis. The company expects its 2024 effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5%, which is higher than the 2023 rate due primarily to the impact of net discrete tax benefits on the 2023 effective tax rate that are not expected to repeat in 2024. The company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact its consolidated financial statements. The company generally addresses its exposure to these risks through its normal operating and financing activities. The company manages interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and at times variable-rate debt. The company has also used foreign currency-denominated debt and cross-currency swaps to hedge a portion of its net investments in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates.