At Duke Energy, we are leveraging new technology, digital tools, and data analytics across the business in response to a transforming landscape, and our grid improvement programs continue to be a key component of our growth strategy. The modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing, and targeted undergrounding, helps to ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves the system's reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for our customers. We continue to enhance our customers' experience with the self-optimizing grid, our flagship grid improvement program spanning all of Duke Energy's regulated utilities. Our investments in integrity management of our natural gas infrastructure continue to be of importance to ensure reliable, safe, and increasingly clean delivery of natural gas to our customers. Recognizing the importance of natural gas, we continue to work toward a net-zero methane emission goal by 2030 related to our natural gas distribution business. We remain focused on organization simplification, automation, reducing service levels provided to internal customers as appropriate, outsourcing, and continued operational excellence. Our ability to effectively handle all facets of the 2023 storm response efforts while making ongoing investments to enhance the reliability and physical security of the grid, mitigate ongoing macroeconomic challenges, and navigate supply chain constraints, is a testament to our team's extensive preparation and coordination. We are also actively working to advocate for research and development and deployment of carbon-free, dispatchable resources, including longer-duration energy storage, advanced nuclear technologies, carbon capture, and zero-carbon fuels. Our industry continues to experience an unprecedented level of change, and we are navigating ongoing macroeconomic headwinds while executing on our strategic priorities and delivering on our vision. The fundamentals of our business are strong and allow us to deliver growth in earnings and dividends in a low-risk, predictable, and transparent way. We have made strong progress to date in reducing carbon emissions from electricity generation and have established goals to do more. Our investments will drive substantial economic benefits for the communities we serve and reduce our customers' exposure to fuel volatility. We are targeting energy generated from coal to represent less than 5% of total generation by 2030 and a full exit by 2035, subject to regulatory approvals. The modernization of our infrastructure, including the electric grid and natural gas systems, is essential for meeting future demands and ensuring operational efficiency. We are committed to transforming our business through innovative technologies and strategic resource allocation, which will enhance our operational capabilities and support our clean energy transition. Our focus on digital transformation and data management is integral to our strategy, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to market dynamics and customer needs.