In 2023, we delivered high single-digit sales growth as we continued strong pricing, which offset continued delivered product cost increases. Our team generated double-digit sales growth in institutional & specialty, high single-digit sales growth in industrial, and other segments while healthcare and life sciences generated good sales growth. We remain committed to maintaining "A" range ratings metrics over the long term, supported by our current credit ratings. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We continue to generate cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, investments in our business, acquisitions, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our restructuring activities are primarily related to the combined program, which is intended to enhance our institutional sales and service structure and allow the sales team to capture share and penetration while maximizing service effectiveness by leveraging our ongoing investments in digital technology. The combined program has delivered cumulative cost savings with estimated annualized cost savings in continuing operations. We expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further, and we continue to target strategic business acquisitions that complement our growth strategy. We have recorded liabilities related to pending litigation, environmental claims, and other contingencies when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Our revenue policies do not provide for general rights of return, and we record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings. We evaluate the performance of our international operations based on fixed currency rates of foreign exchange. We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and our significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes. Our critical accounting estimates include revenue recognition, which is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing service. We assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter, and our goodwill impairment assessments indicated the estimated fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded the carrying amounts. We have experienced no significant changes in the carrying amount or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets. Our organizational capabilities are enhanced through strategic resource allocation, and we leverage our technology resources to support business needs. We utilize technology management practices to optimize our operational efficiency and enhance our performance metrics. Our operational flexibility allows us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands, ensuring that we maintain a competitive advantage. We continue to focus on business process management and the integration of digital technologies to improve our overall organizational effectiveness and agility. Our investments in technology infrastructure are aimed at enhancing our information management capabilities, which are critical for supporting our strategic decisions and achieving our organizational goals.