During the third quarter of 2023, based on a strategic review of our operations, assets, and investments, management implemented the "2023-2024 business efficiency program" to refine the focus of our investments and optimize our physical footprint. This program includes the write-off of certain information technology assets and contract exit costs, a reduction in staff including the relocation of certain job functions, and the impairment of assets associated with the closure or partial closure of data centers and offices. The 2023-2024 business efficiency program is expected to be substantially complete by the end of the third quarter of 2024. We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We have continued growing our government-sponsored business through organic growth and acquisitions. We expect carelonrx to continue to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. Our branding strategy reflects the evolution of our business from a traditional health insurance company to a lifetime, trusted health partner. Given this evolution, we reviewed and modified how we manage our business, monitor our performance, and allocate resources, and made changes to our reportable segments beginning in the first quarter of 2023. We also calculate operating gain and operating margin to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results. Our definition of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods, and setting incentive compensation targets. Our operating revenue consists of premiums, product revenue, and service fees. We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. We frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design, and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our centers for medicare and medicaid services star ratings. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We also expect further and ongoing regulatory guidance on a number of issues related to medicare, including evolving methodology for ratings and quality bonus payments. CMS also frequently proposes changes to its program that audits data submitted under the risk adjustment programs in ways that could increase financial recoveries from plans.