We provide a global, vendor-neutral data center, interconnection and edge solutions platform with offerings that aim to enable our customers to reach everywhere, interconnect everyone and integrate everything. Global enterprises, service providers and business ecosystems of industry partners rely on our IBX data centers and expertise around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and to protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Our interconnected data centers around the world allow our customers to increase information and application delivery performance to users, and quickly access distributed IT infrastructures and business and digital ecosystems, while significantly reducing costs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 33 countries with the industry's largest and most active ecosystem of partners in our sites, proven operational reliability, improved application performance and a highly scalable set of offerings. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting marketplace effect. The data center market landscape has evolved to include private and vendor-neutral multi-tenant data center providers, hyperscale cloud providers, managed infrastructure and application hosting providers, and systems integrators. We continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, automation capabilities, developer talent pool, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis and in-place customers. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform, and to integrate recent acquisitions. Our primary sources of liquidity were $2.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, along with $3.9 billion of additional liquidity available from our revolving facility and general access to both the public and private debt and equity capital markets. We may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build-out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Our adjusted EBITDA results have increased each year in total dollars due to the improved operating results, as well as due to the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. We believe that our sources of liquidity, including our expected future operating cash flows, are sized to adequately meet both the near and long-term material cash commitments for the foreseeable future. Our cabinet utilization rate represents the percentage of cabinet space billed versus total cabinet capacity, which is used to measure how efficiently we are managing our cabinet capacity. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. Our business is primarily based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years.