We are advancing a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies and data analytics to our leaching processes. These leach innovation initiatives are providing opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles. Initial results are providing incremental low-cost additions to our expected annual production and the potential to add to our reserve profile. Incremental copper production from these initiatives totaled 144 million pounds for the year 2023, and in fourth-quarter 2023 we achieved our initial run rate target of approximately 200 million pounds of copper per year through these initiatives. We are pursuing opportunities to apply recent operational enhancements at a larger scale and are testing new technology applications that we believe have the potential for significant increases in recoverable metal beyond the initial annual run rate target. We have made substantial progress towards completion of projects to expand our domestic smelting and refining capacity in Indonesia, with construction progress for these projects measured at over 90% at year-end 2023. The decision to proceed and timing of potential expansion will take into account overall copper market conditions, availability of labor and other factors, including progress on conversion of the existing haul truck fleet to autonomous and expanding housing alternatives to support long-range plans. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a solid balance sheet, providing cash returns to shareholders and advancing opportunities for future growth. We believe the actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity will allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 104.1 billion pounds of copper, 24.5 million ounces of gold and 3.34 billion pounds of molybdenum. We operate large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable mineral reserves. Our results for 2023 reflect strong operating performance, including achievement of a number of important initiatives to advance growth options, to position us for the future and aimed at enhancing value. Our underground mining operations at the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia continue to perform well, with copper and gold production increasing in each of the past three years, including achievement of multiple operating records during 2023. The impact of price changes on consolidated unit net cash costs for the year 2024 would approximate $0.04 per pound of copper for each $100 per ounce change in the average price of gold and $0.02 per pound of copper for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. We have significant mineral reserves, mineral resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. We believe long-term fundamentals for copper are favorable and that future demand will be supported by copper's role in the global transition to renewable power, electric vehicles and other carbon-reduction initiatives, continued urbanization in developing countries and growing connectivity globally.