The FedEx services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in technology, and facilities. We continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. The identification of costs associated with our business optimization activities is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. We expect the pre-tax cost of our business optimization activities to be approximately $500 million in 2024 and approximately $2.0 billion through 2025. We expect lower aircraft spend and reduced capacity investment to be partially offset by investments to optimize our networks and modernize our facilities. Our expected capital expenditures for 2024 include our continued investments in the expansion and modernization of the FedEx Express Indianapolis hub and modernization of the FedEx Express Memphis World Hub, which are expected to total $1.5 billion each over the life of each project. The organizational redesign will be implemented in phases with full implementation expected in June 2024. One FedEx will help facilitate our drive transformation program to improve long-term profitability. We have announced the implementation of network 2.0 in more than 20 markets, including the phased transition of all FedEx Ground operations and personnel in Canada to FedEx Express beginning in April 2024. The drive program includes a business optimization plan to drive efficiency among our transportation segments and lower our overhead and support costs. We plan to consolidate our sortation facilities and equipment, reduce pickup-and-delivery routes, and optimize our enterprise linehaul network by moving beyond discrete collaboration to an end-to-end optimized network through network 2.0. The results of corporate, other, and eliminations were negatively impacted by higher professional fees and outside service contract spend at FedEx Dataworks. FedEx Dataworks is focused on creating solutions to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members. Our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods and the rate of growth of global trade. We expect operating income improvement in 2024 as a result of our drive program initiatives focused on aligning our cost base with demand, reducing our permanent cost structure, and increasing the flexibility of our network. We are subject to various loss contingencies in connection with our operations. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make significant judgments and estimates to develop amounts reflected and disclosed in the financial statements. We maintain a thorough process to review the application of our accounting policies and to evaluate the appropriateness of the many estimates that are required to prepare the financial statements of a complex, global corporation. Our ability to delay the timing of aircraft-related expenditures is limited without incurring significant costs to modify existing purchase agreements. We expect savings from our business realignment activities to be approximately $275 million on an annualized basis beginning in 2024. We continue to actively manage and optimize our capital allocation to mitigate the impact of the slowing economy, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical conflicts.