We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. Our strategy emphasizes investments that seek to advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs, and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements is critical. The emergence of and effects related to pandemics, epidemics, and outbreaks of infectious diseases or other public health crises, including but not limited to developments related to COVID-19, have influenced our operational strategies. We strive to be the health care system of choice in the communities we serve by developing comprehensive networks locally and supporting these networks with enterprise expertise and economies of scale. Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other health care professionals to provide high-quality care. We attract and retain physicians and other health care professionals by providing high-quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services, and by building our outpatient operations. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment, and retention of physicians and other health care professionals will improve the quality of care at our facilities. Our provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $619 million and $517 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively. The estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are comprised of case reserves for known claims and reserves for incurred but not reported claims. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims, and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. Our strategy also emphasizes investments that seek to advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs, and enhance our health care networks and partnerships.