Management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. The company has aligned its operations consistent with how the CEO assesses operating performance and allocates capital. Management's focus and the related results enabled Howmet to end 2023 with a solid financial position. The increase in cash provided from operations of 168, or 23%, between 2023 and 2022 was due to higher operating results, lower payments on noncurrent liabilities, and lower pension contributions, partially offset by higher working capital. The company maintains a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet. Cash provided from operations is expected to be adequate to cover Howmet's operational and business needs over the next 12 months. The company anticipates that the effective tax rate in 2024 will be approximately 21.5%. The company has a strong position in the commercial aerospace market, which is expected to continue. In 2024, management projects sales to increase as they expect solid growth in the commercial aerospace market. The company derived approximately 49% of its revenue from products sold to the commercial aerospace market for the year ended December 31, 2023. The timing and level of future aircraft builds by OEMs are subject to changes and uncertainties, which may cause future results to differ from prior periods due to changes in product mix in certain segments. The company has continued to focus on actions to improve Howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. Such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures. The company has operating activities in numerous countries and regions outside of North America and Europe, including China and Japan. The company expects higher metal costs to contribute to increased sales in 2024. The company has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2029 and 2033, respectively. The company is negotiating resolution of the insurance claims related to the France plant fire and Barberton cast house incident. The company has absorbed approximately 1,030 net headcount since the end of 2022 in support of expected revenue increases, resulting in unfavorable near-term recruiting, training, and operational costs. The company has also continued its focus on improving its operating performance through profitable revenue, efficient operations, and margin enhancement. The company expects significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations. The company has a credit facility pursuant to its five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. The company has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to workers' compensation, environmental obligations, and insurance obligations. The company has a strong market position and continues to evaluate whether, when, and to what extent it may access capital markets. The company believes that its cash on hand, cash provided from operations, and availability of the credit facility will continue to be sufficient to fund its operating and capital allocation activities, including repayments of indebtedness. The company has assessed both enacted and proposed pillar two legislation and, at this time, does not expect a material impact on its corporate tax liability or effective tax rate. The company has a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet, which supports its operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation.