We are a leading global provider of technology and data to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. These products provide our customers with access to mission-critical tools designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, as well as increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation serves emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. The origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information. Our closing solutions connect key participants to digitize the closing and recording process. Our servicing software revenues include integrated mortgage servicing solutions that help automate all areas of the servicing process, from loan boarding to final payment or default, to help lower costs, reduce risk, and improve financial performance. We also provide solutions that allow our clients' customer service representatives to access the same customer information, which is key to increasing borrower retention. Our data offerings include near real-time industry and peer benchmarking tools, which provide originators a granular view into the real-time trends of the U.S. residential mortgage market, as well as credit and prepayment models, custom and proprietary analytics, valuation, and MLS solutions. The acquisition of Black Knight is expected to build on our position as a provider of end-to-end electronic workflow solutions for the rapidly evolving U.S. residential mortgage industry. The Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our data centers and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class, increasing our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 52% in 2023.