Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in internal control over financial reporting were assessed, and there were no changes that occurred during the quarter ended December 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is critical to ensuring the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements, which is essential for maintaining investor confidence and supporting our business strategies. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is fundamental to our operational efficiency and overall organizational effectiveness. Mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force. IT capability has become a key component in supporting business needs and enhancing our strategic resource allocation, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. The integration of technology into our operational processes is vital for achieving performance gains and maintaining our competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving business environment.