The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. Our systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. The vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the installed systems for determining the number and type of procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. Estimates and judgments for determining the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may be impacted over time by various factors, including system internet connectivity, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and inherent complexities in new agreements. The installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are useful to investors as metrics because they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. We believe that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue. We have also entered into sales-type and fixed-payment operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. These leases generally have commercially competitive terms compared to other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. We believe that these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of these structures based on customer demand. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. Based on our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. We are also highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. The loss of critical members of our team, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could significantly harm our operations, business, and ability to compete. We believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our U.S. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the U.S., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging.