Our broad portfolio of inspection and metrology products, and related service, software and other offerings, support R&D and manufacturing of ICs, wafers and reticles. Our products, services and expertise are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze and resolve critical and nanometric level product defects, helping them to manage manufacturing process challenges and to obtain higher finish product yields at lower cost. The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. Continuing advancement of technology spurred by the economic, power and performance benefits of being at the leading edge, increasing involvement in legacy nodes as semiconductor content increases, and innovation and growth of new enabling technologies are fueling long-term growth for the semiconductor equipment industry. As we get further into 2023, the macro-driven slowdown continues to have an impact on semiconductor device demand as the semiconductor industry rebalances its supply chain and inventory levels. While we continue to invest in technological innovation, we are focusing on moderating our spending levels to reflect the changing environment. We are organized into three reportable segments. The remaining three segments are as follows: semiconductor process control, specialty semiconductor process, and PCB, display and component inspection. A majority of our revenues are derived from outside the U.S., and include geographic regions such as China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Europe and Israel, and rest of Asia. Chinese government initiatives are propelling China to expand its domestic manufacturing capacity and attracting investment from semiconductor manufacturers from Taiwan, Korea, Japan and the U.S. We are taking appropriate measures to comply with regulations and are applying for export licenses, when required, to avoid disruption to our customers' operations. We are continuously assessing the aggregate potential impact of the existing regulations on our financial results and operations. Our product revenues are impacted by the amount of new orders that we receive during that period and, depending upon the duration of manufacturing and installation cycles, in the preceding periods. Revenue is also impacted by average customer pricing, customer revenue deferrals associated with volume purchase agreements, the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and increased trade restrictions. The increase in product revenues is primarily attributable to strong demand for many of our products, especially our inspection and metrology portfolios, as well as increases from continued growth in the specialty semiconductor markets. R&D expenses may fluctuate with product development phases and project timing as well as our R&D efforts. As technological innovation is essential to our success, we may incur significant costs associated with R&D projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related and electronic device industries. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, cash dividends, stock repurchases and other contractual obligations.