Revenue growth management is used to describe our capability that helps optimize our consumer value proposition and thereby maximize our brands' revenue potential with consumer-centric insights. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation and strong in-market execution. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, innovation pipeline and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities has us well positioned relative to these changing dynamics. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. Our business in Russia is experiencing increased input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to raw materials and production assets, and restricted access to financial institutions, as well as increased supply chain, professional services, monetary, currency, trade and payment/investment sanctions and related controls. We are actively monitoring the situation, and as the business, geopolitical and regulatory environment concerning Russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors and key trends, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results discussed under results of operations and related information. The pandemic significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, primarily due to the very significant fluctuations in demand and related transportation and labor supply issues. Resulting supply shortages led to record levels of inflation in commodities and other costs. We have seen stabilization in demand across all of our business segments during 2022 and 2023, and we expect this trend to continue. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace. Our competitors include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers which offer products that are typically sold at lower prices. In particular, private label market share has been increasing in the tissue category. Increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products which would negatively impact our profitability. We adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment, technological improvements, product innovations and changes in our raw material, distribution, energy and other input costs. We manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. To remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends and other needs for the foreseeable future.