The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Our general and administrative expenses and corporate charges include such items as unallocated employee benefits, insurance, rentals, unallocated litigation and environmental expenses, and shared corporate services including accounting, information technology, human resources and legal services. We expect to invest $2.3 billion in expansion projects and contributions to joint ventures, or discretionary capital expenditures, during 2024. The expectations for 2024 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. Our management evaluates our performance primarily using net income attributable to Kinder Morgan, Inc. and segment earnings before DD&A expenses, including amortization of excess cost of equity investments, (EBDA) along with the non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted net income attributable to common stock, and distributable cash flow (DCF), both in the aggregate and per share for each, adjusted segment EBDA, adjusted net income attributable to Kinder Morgan, Inc., adjusted earnings before interest, income taxes, DD&A expenses, including amortization of excess cost of equity investments, (EBITDA) and net debt. We routinely evaluate critical accounting estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. The increase in operations and maintenance expenses was primarily driven by higher labor and other expenses, including integrity costs and services, fuel costs and materials and supplies, related to greater activity levels and inflation. Our interest expense, net increased due to higher interest rates associated with fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps. The overall working capital varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments, timing differences in the collection and payment of receivables and payables, the change in fair value of our derivative contracts and changes in our cash and cash equivalent balances. We employ a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing. The trend toward increasingly stringent regulations creates uncertainty regarding our capital and operating expenditure requirements over the longer term. The EPA's final rule known as the "Good Neighbor Plan" imposes prescriptive emission standards for several sectors, including new and existing internal combustion engines of a certain size used in pipeline transportation of natural gas. If the plan were fully implemented, its emission standards would require installation of more stringent air pollution controls on hundreds of existing internal combustion engines used by our natural gas pipelines business segment. We believe that our existing hedge contracts in place within our CO2 business segment substantially mitigate commodity price sensitivities in the near-term and to a lesser extent over the following few years from price exposure. Our capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the amount we expect to spend for 2024 to sustain our assets and expand our business are as follows: sustaining capital expenditures of $868 million and expansion capital expenditures of $1,594 million. The classification of our capital expenditures as expansion capital expenditures or as sustaining capital expenditures is made consistent with our accounting policies and is generally a straightforward process, but in certain circumstances can be a matter of management judgment and discretion. We believe that our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives. We expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. We plan to increase our dividend by 2% to $1.15 per common share in 2024.