We are focused on enhancing our digital infrastructure and increasing efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business, which is key to enabling the success of our strategy. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security, integrating new and existing systems across all domains with advanced, open-architecture networking and operational technologies to make defense forces more agile, adaptive, and unpredictable. We invest substantially in our people to ensure that our workforce has the technical skills necessary to succeed, and we expect to continue to invest internally in innovative technologies that address rapidly evolving mission requirements for our customers. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services may offset cost increases from inflation. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. Our business and financial performance are affected by general economic conditions, and we continue to experience supply chain challenges, which have delayed certain customer deliveries and adversely impacted our performance and financial results. The operational flexibility of our business is critical as we navigate these challenges. We have multiple programs of record entering growth stages, and we are engaged in significant classified development programs, expecting to transition from development to production over the next few years. Our international business is a key component of our strategic plan, and we focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers and have active development, production, and sustainment support of various military helicopters to international customers. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services, primarily using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts. Our ability to execute our strategy is underpinned by our talent and culture, and we continue to evaluate our portfolio and make strategic acquisitions or divestitures as appropriate. We expect to recognize a significant portion of our backlog as revenue in the coming periods, which includes both funded and unfunded amounts. Our business segments are engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support, and upgrade of advanced technology systems, products, and services, which are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.