Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry, connecting consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide by enabling electronic payments and making those payment transactions safe, simple, smart, and accessible. Our investments in new networks, such as open banking solutions and digital identity capabilities, support and strengthen our payments and services solutions. Each of our capabilities supports and builds upon each other and are fundamentally interdependent. We employ a multi-layered approach to help protect the global payments ecosystem in which we operate. Our value-added services include cyber and intelligence solutions designed to allow all parties to transact securely, easily, and with confidence, as well as services that provide proprietary insights, drawing on our principled and responsible use of secure consumer and merchant data. The increase in net revenue on both an as reported and as adjusted basis was attributable to growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions. The increase was primarily driven by growth in domestic and cross-border dollar volumes and an increase in the number of switched transactions, reflecting trends of growth in our key drivers. We believe that the non-GAAP financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. Our non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments, special items, and the related tax impacts. The effective income tax rates were higher than the prior year rates primarily due to the release of a valuation allowance in 2022 and the establishment of a valuation allowance in 2023. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business, and current and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic and market conditions. The components of operating expenses increased primarily due to higher personnel costs to support the continued investment in our business and the delivery of services to our customers. Our general and administrative expenses increased due to higher personnel costs resulting from incremental headcount to support the continued investment in our business and the delivery of services to our customers. The increase in depreciation and amortization expenses was primarily due to increased software capitalization to support the continued growth of our business. We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets, liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.