We completed the acquisition of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC, through a series of transactions, after which Starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. On November 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database. We discontinued use of the Starwood reservations database for business operations at the end of 2018. We are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already recorded. However, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. Although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses related to the data security incident. We expect to incur ongoing legal and other expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, and we believe it is reasonably possible that we may incur additional monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants in excess of the amounts already recorded and costs in connection with compliance with any settlements or resolutions of matters. Our system grew from 8,288 properties at year-end 2022 to 8,785 properties at year-end 2023. The increase compared to year-end 2022 reflected gross additions of 558 properties, including 149 properties from the City Express brand acquisition, and deletions of 63 properties. Our 2023 gross room additions included approximately 60,500 rooms located outside U.S. & Canada and roughly 16,300 rooms converted from competitor brands. We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion for 2024, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities. We made capital and technology expenditures of $452 million in 2023, primarily due to higher spending on our worldwide technology systems transformation. Our anticipated capital and technology expenditures include spending related to our option to purchase the land underlying the Sheraton Grand Chicago. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. Our long-term financial objectives include maintaining diversified financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. Our credit facility supports our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. The credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage to not more than 4.5 to 1.0. We currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs. We believe the credit facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements. We expect to continue to return cash to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends.