Moody's is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to anticipate, adapt, and thrive in a new era of exponential risk. Moody's Analytics (MA) is a global provider of research and insights, data and information, and decision solutions, which help companies make better and faster decisions. MA leverages its industry expertise across multiple risks to deliver integrated risk assessment solutions that enable business leaders to identify, measure, and manage the implications of interrelated risks and opportunities. The company continues to monitor current macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties that have contributed to volatility in rated issuance volumes. Moody's operations and net assets in regions affected by military conflicts are not material; however, broader global market volatility has contributed to fluctuations in rated issuance volumes. The company evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. The evaluation of reporting units involves significant estimates and assumptions, including projections of future operating results and cash flows, which are based on internal budgets and strategic plans. The growth in salaries and benefits reflects higher headcount and annual salary increases to support business growth, including investments to support technology, innovation, and product development. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense is driven by amortization of internally developed software, primarily related to the development of SaaS-based solutions. The company has also invested in technology capabilities to enhance its operational efficiency and support business transformation. Moody's maintains a presence in over 40 countries, and approximately 41% of the company's revenue is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, exposing the company to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates. The company utilizes interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk and reduce funding costs. Moody's cash flow management reflects its commitment to using strong cash flow to create value for shareholders through investments in employees and business growth. The company has established purchase obligations with vendors for information technology licensing and maintenance, totaling $788 million, with a significant portion expected to be paid in the next twelve months. Moody's believes that its financial resources are sufficient to meet cash requirements, and it expects to have positive operating cash flow in the upcoming year. The company continues to evaluate its strategic resource allocation to enhance its capabilities and respond to market dynamics effectively. The management's discussion emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs and enhance firm performance.