We continue to observe significant market and geopolitical uncertainty, inflationary pressures, supply constraints, and exchange rate volatility, which have impacted our operating costs and overall business operations. We have taken steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology, and assets. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on four strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, creating a winning growth culture, and scaling sustainable snacking. We believe that leveraging our attractive global footprint, strong core of iconic global and local brands, and technology capabilities will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, and improving our availability across multiple channels. Our operations and management structure are organized into four operating segments, allowing us to manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities across key markets. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. Our operational efficiency is supported by programs designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We have continued to invest in our technology infrastructure to enhance our operational capabilities and improve our responsiveness to market dynamics. Our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets is a key strength that provides significant flexibility to meet our short- and long-term financial commitments. We expect to continue to fund capital expenditures primarily to modernize manufacturing facilities and support new product and productivity initiatives. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was primarily due to an increase in cash-basis net earnings, largely a result of business growth and acquisitions completed during 2022. We believe our current plans for each of our brands will allow them to not be impaired, but if plans to grow brand earnings and expand margin are not met, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis and comply with applicable international sanctions. The war in Ukraine has impacted our business operations, financial performance, and results of operations, leading us to suspend new capital investments in Russia while maintaining operations to ensure continuity of the food supply. Our investment in technology resources and capabilities is critical in supporting our strategic priorities and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market. We continue to monitor developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives, including demand for our products and the impact of external factors such as commodity costs and currency fluctuations. Our strategic management practices involve evaluating our operational performance and making actionable investments to enhance our capabilities and drive business transformation.