Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. We are investing in significant opportunities, including substantial investments in AI initiatives to enhance our advertising tools and develop new products. We believe these improvements to our ad targeting and measurement tools have had a favorable impact on our ad performance and advertising demand. We are also making significant investments in our metaverse efforts, including developing virtual, augmented, and mixed reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies for the metaverse. Our investments include expenses relating to headcount, data centers, and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are continually working to evolve our advertising systems to improve the performance of our ad products, developing privacy-enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process. Our advertising revenue has been adversely affected by reduced marketer spending due to limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are focused on driving onsite conversions in our business messaging ad products by developing new features and scaling existing features. The increase in the number of ads delivered during 2023 was driven by increases in the number and frequency of ads displayed across our products and an increase in users. Our research and development expenses increased due to higher payroll and related expenses driven by an increase in share-based compensation expenses. The increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure reflects our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities. We recognize that our ability to support our metaverse efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. Our overall operating profit is influenced by our investments in technology development across these efforts. We believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators. We are also engaging with others across our industry to explore the possibility of new open standards for the private and secure processing of data for advertising purposes. Our ongoing improvements to ad targeting and measurement are continuing to drive improved results for advertisers. We expect that some of these efforts will be long-term initiatives, and that the legislative, regulatory, and platform developments will continue to adversely impact our advertising revenue for the foreseeable future. The trends impacting advertising spend are dynamic and interrelated, making it difficult to identify with precision which advertiser spending decisions are attributable to which trends. Our calculations of daily active people rely upon complex techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using one or more of these products. The ultimate outcome of our investments in technology and advertising systems will be critical for our future performance and competitive positioning in the market.