Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. We are creating the platforms and tools, powered by artificial intelligence ("AI"), that deliver better, faster, and more effective solutions to support small and large business competitiveness, improve educational and health outcomes, grow public-sector efficiency, and empower human ingenuity. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. We are consolidating our leases to create higher density across our workspaces, which impacted our financial results through the remainder of fiscal year 2023, and we may make similar decisions in future periods as we continue to evaluate our real estate needs. We are allocating both our capital and talent to areas of secular growth and long-term competitiveness, while divesting in other areas. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, enterprise services, and dynamics. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. Microsoft cloud revenue increased driven by Azure and other cloud services. Productivity and business processes revenue increased driven by Office 365 commercial and LinkedIn. Intelligent cloud revenue increased driven by Azure and other cloud services. Our research and development expenses increased driven by investments in cloud engineering and LinkedIn. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in AI infrastructure. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. Our products are generally sold with a right of return, and we may provide other credits or incentives, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty, and we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss.