The memory and storage industry environment deteriorated sharply in the fourth quarter of 2022 and throughout 2023 due to weak demand in many end markets combined with global and macroeconomic challenges and lower demand resulting from customer actions to reduce inventory levels. Ongoing demand growth, customer inventory normalization, and industry-wide supply discipline have set the stage for increased revenue, and improved pricing and profitability throughout fiscal 2024. The impact of the China Cyberspace Administration decision on March 31, 2023, notified us that it was conducting a cybersecurity review of our products sold in China, which has impacted our business, particularly in the domestic data center and networking markets in China. The CAC decision continues to impact our revenue opportunity in China, and we are working to mitigate this impact over time. Our long-term goal is to retain our worldwide DRAM and NAND market share. We initiated a restructure plan in response to challenging industry conditions, which included a headcount reduction to approach 15% by the end of calendar 2023, through a combination of voluntary attrition and personnel reductions. We expect to realize cost savings of approximately $130 million per quarter subsequent to 2023. In 2021, we updated our portfolio strategy to further strengthen our focus on memory and storage innovations for the data center market. We ceased development of 3D XPoint technology and engaged in discussions for the sale of our facility located in Lehi, Utah, dedicated to 3D XPoint production. We expect wafer starts will remain significantly below peak capacity levels for the foreseeable future as we remain focused on managing down our inventories and controlling our supply. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities, and equipment, and R&D to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We estimate capital expenditures in 2024 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, to be slightly above $7 billion. Following the enactment of the CHIPS Act in 2022, we announced plans to invest in two leading-edge memory manufacturing fabs in the United States, contingent on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. We are also advancing our global back-end assembly and test network in order to support our product portfolio and extend our ability to deliver on global customer demand in the future. We intend to make investments at our backend facility in Xi'an, China, including a new building to provide space to add more product capability, to allow us over time to serve more of the demand from our customers in China from the Xi'an facility. Our board of directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis, and our management believes the accounting policies are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations.