Nike continues to invest in a new enterprise resource planning platform, data and analytics, demand sensing, insight gathering, and other areas to create an end-to-end technology foundation, which we believe will further accelerate our digital transformation. This unified approach will accelerate growth and unlock more efficiency for our business, while driving speed and responsiveness as we serve consumers globally. The strategic pricing actions we have taken partially offset the impacts of higher product input, freight and logistics costs, and supply chain challenges. Our product creation and marketing organizations are aligned to a consumer construct focused on sports dimensions, which allows us to better serve consumer needs. Throughout fiscal 2023, we took action to reduce excess inventory by decreasing future inventory purchases and increasing promotional activity. The transition of our Nike brand businesses within our CASA marketplace reflects a full distributor operating model, which we expect to have a favorable impact on our overall profitability as we reduce selling and administrative expenses. The operating environment could remain volatile in fiscal 2024 as the risk exists that worsening macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our future revenue growth as well as overall profitability. Our strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must-have" products and delivering compelling consumer experiences through digital platforms and at retail. We believe that existing cash and equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our domestic and foreign capital needs in the foreseeable future. We continue to invest in our infrastructure to support future growth, specifically focused around digital capabilities and improvements across our supply chain. The increase in selling and administrative expense was primarily due to higher wage-related costs and higher Nike direct variable costs, in part due to new store additions. Demand creation expense increased primarily due to higher advertising and marketing expense and higher sports marketing expense. Our foreign currency risk management program is intended to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We manage global foreign exchange risk centrally on a portfolio basis to address those risks material to Nike, Inc. Our hedging policy is designed to partially or entirely offset the impact of exchange rate changes on the underlying net exposures being hedged. We utilize forward contracts and/or options to mitigate the variability of the forecasted future purchases and sales of these U.S. dollar investments. The combination of the purchase and sale of the U.S. dollar investment and the hedging instrument has the effect of partially offsetting the year-over-year foreign currency translation impact on net earnings in the period the investments are sold. We are exposed to the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our investments in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, which could adversely impact the U.S. dollar value of these investments and therefore the value of future repatriated earnings. The primary financial measure used by the company to evaluate performance is earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT). The breakdown of EBIT reflects our strategic resource allocation and performance metrics across our operating segments.