The company completed the sale of its IT and mission support services business for $3.4 billion in cash, recording a pre-tax gain of $2.0 billion. This divestiture included the majority of the former information solutions and services division, select cyber, intelligence and missions support programs, and the former space technical services business unit. Operating results include sales and operating income for the IT and mission support services business prior to the divestiture; therefore, no sales and operating income were recognized for this business during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. The company recorded sales of $162 million and pre-tax profit of $20 million for the IT and mission support services business during the year ended December 31, 2021. The ongoing global security environment has highlighted the need for strong deterrence and robust defense capability, which the company believes should help its customers defend against current and future threats, thus allowing for long-term profitable business growth. The macroeconomic environment, including inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges, has adversely affected the company's results and will continue to impact customers' budgets, spending, and priorities. The company is focused on the efficient conversion of operating income into cash to meet material cash requirements, including working capital needs and investment in business through capital expenditures. The company anticipates that cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operating activities will be sufficient to provide liquidity in the short-term and long-term. The company has a five-year senior unsecured credit facility and renewed a one-year $500 million uncommitted credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, the company had $20.7 billion of purchase obligations, primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to suppliers and subcontractors under U.S. government contracts. The company’s risk associated with these obligations is limited to the termination liability provisions within those contracts. The company’s performance is assessed based on its performance on contracts and programs, focusing on changes in sales and operating margin rates. The company recognizes sales from its portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer, primarily over time on a cost-to-cost basis. The evaluation of operating performance considers significant fluctuations attributable to individual contracts or programs, or changes in specific cost elements across multiple contracts. The company performs annual reviews and reassessments of sales, cost, and profit estimates for each significant contract, reflecting the latest reliable information available. The complexity of the macroeconomic environment has added variability to the estimation process, particularly in relation to inflation and supply chain disruptions. The company’s organizational capabilities, including its ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources, are critical in transforming its operations to meet evolving business needs and enhance competitive advantage. The integration of technology functionalities and strategic resource allocation supports the company’s operational efficiency and effectiveness in responding to market dynamics and customer demands.