Operational risks include a significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure that could disrupt our business operations. We extensively rely on information and operational technology systems, and improvements in those technologies, in all aspects of our business. Significant disruption or failure of one or more of the information or operational technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties can result in service interruptions, data breaches, or other operational difficulties. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency. We maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, including our risk-based approach to cybersecurity, but we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Our inability to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect, and integrate our information technology systems may result in a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry. The increase in purchased services in 2023 was due to higher technology-related costs, increased operational and transportation expenses, and higher engineering activity. The increase in purchased services in 2022 was also due to higher technology-related costs. We have experienced technology outages and cybersecurity events that have impacted our systems and service, and future events may result in more significant impacts to our operations, reputation, or financial results. Our reliance on third-party vendors that have access to our systems or data could also expose us to cybersecurity incidents that could interrupt our service, cause safety failures, or operational difficulties. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect, and integrate our information technology systems. The costs associated with cybersecurity incidents and technology failures could significantly impact our operational efficiency and business performance. We are addressing multiple governmental actions as a result of the incident, and new or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes may negatively impact us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations, and our inability to comply with these laws could result in significant liabilities or otherwise adversely impact our operations. The legislative, regulatory, operational, or other actions taken, protocols adopted, or changes resulting from the incident may have a material adverse effect on us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. We may be negatively impacted by changes in general economic conditions, including reduced import and export volumes, which could affect the producers and consumers of the freight we carry. The state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity, and significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets could restrict or eliminate our access to financing sources.