The acquisition strategically diversifies our complementary asset base and allows for significant expected synergies. We experienced increased volumes across our system in 2023, compared with 2022, highlighting our extensive and integrated assets located in, and connected with, some of the most productive shale basins, refining regions, and demand centers in the United States. Our primary capital projects are outlined, focusing on investments in natural gas liquids, natural gas pipelines, and refined products and crude segments, which are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business strategies. We proactively monitor lead times on materials and equipment used in constructing capital projects and enter into procurement agreements for long-lead items for potential projects to plan for future growth. Our growth strategy is focused on connecting diversified supply basins with demand for purity NGLs from the petrochemical and refining industries. We expect total capital expenditures in 2024 to be between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion, reflecting our commitment to resource allocation and operational flexibility. The management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance, including adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as net income adjusted for interest expense, depreciation and amortization, and other noncash items. This measure is useful for evaluating financial performance and comparing performance among companies in our industry. Our cash management program concentrates the cash assets of our non-guarantor operating subsidiaries to provide financial flexibility and lower costs. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. Our capital expenditures increased in 2023 due primarily to our capital projects, including our MB-6 fractionator and pipeline expansion projects. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. Our operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. Changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products could affect our earnings and operating cash flows. We expect our cash flows from operations to continue to sufficiently fund our cash dividends. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates, such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually and evaluate equity method investments for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate a loss in value. Our credit ratings may be affected by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile, or potential transactions, and we may seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt. We expect shares to be acquired from time to time in open-market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions at our discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors.