Our long-term business strategy requires capital to maintain and enhance our existing stores, invest to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, develop enhanced information technology systems and tools, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. The successful execution of our growth strategy includes aggressively opening new stores, growing sales in existing stores, continually enhancing merchandising and store layouts, and implementing our omnichannel initiatives. We believe the key drivers of demand over the long-term for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, annual rate of light vehicle sales, and average vehicle age. The increase in average vehicle age over the long term can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains, interiors, and exteriors, coupled with consumers' willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better-built vehicles. Our business is influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and consumers, including inflation, rising consumer staples, fuel and energy costs, unemployment trends, interest rates, and other economic factors. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. The increase in professional service provider customer transaction counts was driven by consistently exceptional execution of our strategies surrounding superior service, inventory availability, and competitive pricing. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program, and senior note offerings. We believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under the credit agreement. Our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases; human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits; contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations; capital expenditures; payment of income taxes; and other operational priorities. We anticipate new store growth will be 190 to 200 net new store openings in 2024. The increase in sales for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily the result of the 7.9% increase in domestic comparable store sales and a $293 million increase in sales from new stores opened in 2022 and 2023 that are not considered comparable stores. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023, was due to improved acquisition costs, partially offset by the impact from the rollout of our professional pricing initiative in the first quarter of 2022, which was a strategic investment aimed at ensuring we are more competitively priced on the professional side of our business. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service.