We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for human resources ("HR"), payroll, benefits, and insurance for small- to medium-sized businesses and their employees across the United States and parts of Europe. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; delivering superior customer experiences; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client bases; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We closely monitor the evolving challenges and needs of small- and mid-sized businesses, and proactively aid our clients in navigating these challenges. Through our unique blend of innovative technology solutions, backed by our extensive compliance and HR expertise, we help clients more effectively hire, engage, train, and retain top talent in this challenging workforce environment. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong solutions and support delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our fiscal 2023 technology enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform were designed to improve the client and employee experiences from hiring and onboarding through employee retention. We have further strengthened our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses. We believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Our portfolio of technology, HR advisory, and employee benefits-related solutions is disaggregated into two categories, management solutions and professional employer organization ("PEO") and insurance solutions. Our strategy focuses on providing integrated technology and delivering superior customer experiences, which we believe will lead to strong, long-term financial performance.