We are focused on investing to modernize our energy infrastructure, improve reliability and resilience, increase energy efficiency and deliver cleaner energy to meet customer expectations and be well aligned with public policy objectives. Our investments in PSE&G have adjusted our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. The BPU approved a $280 million nine-month extension of our Clean Energy Future-Energy Efficiency program through June 2024 and a two-year extension of our current Gas System Modernization Program to replace at least 400 miles of cast iron and unprotected steel mains and services in our gas system. The GSMP program extension provides for main replacement through December 2025 plus trailing services replacement and paving costs into 2026 and totals approximately $900 million of investment. Our broader GSMP III, which also included projects to introduce renewable natural gas and hydrogen blending into our existing distribution system, is being held in abeyance, with negotiations reinitiated by January 2025 with the intent of beginning the work in January 2026. We continue to assess physical risks of climate change and adapt our capital investment program to improve the reliability and resiliency of our system in an environment of increasing frequency and severity of weather events. Our investments have shown benefits in recent severe weather events, including tropical storm Ida in 2021, which brought significant flooding to our service territory but did not result in the loss of any of our electric distribution substations. We are committed to the safe and reliable delivery of natural gas to approximately 1.9 million customers throughout New Jersey and are equally committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with such operations. The first phase of our GSMP replaced approximately 450 miles of cast-iron and unprotected steel gas main infrastructure, and the second phase of this program replaced an additional 1,090 miles of gas pipes and was completed in the first quarter of 2023. We expect to achieve an overall reduction in methane emissions of at least 60% over the 2011 baseline through 2030 period. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance, address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and respond to the issues and challenges described. We will continue to seek approval of and execute on our utility capital investment program to modernize our infrastructure, improve the reliability and resilience of the service we provide to our customers, and align our sustainability and climate goals with New Jersey's energy policy. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders. We consider a wide variety of factors when determining how and when to efficiently deploy capital, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; returns and the sustainability and predictability of future earnings streams; the views of investors, regulators, public policy initiatives, rating agencies, customers, and employees; our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes; and tax considerations, among other things. Strategic options available to us include investments in PSE&G, including T&D facilities to enhance reliability, resiliency, and modernize the system to meet the growing needs and increasingly higher expectations of customers, and clean energy investments such as Clean Energy Future-Energy Efficiency, Clean Energy Future-Electric Vehicles, Clean Energy Future-Energy Storage, and solar.