In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments: biopharma and business innovation. Our ability to fulfill our purpose, breakthroughs that change patients' lives, remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients and continuously evaluate how we can best collaborate with patients, physicians, and payors to support and expand patient access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. Our R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the medicines and vaccines that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including advances in both biological science and platform technologies that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. Our commercial organizational structure and R&D operations are critical to the successful execution of our business strategy. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began taking steps through our transforming to a more focused company restructuring program to optimize our end-to-end R&D operations to reduce costs and cycle times as well as to further prioritize our internal R&D portfolio in areas where our capabilities are differentiated while increasing external innovation efforts to leverage an expanding and productive biotech sector. We expect to generate approximately $1 billion of annual cost synergies from our acquisition of Seagen by 2026. We have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. Our historically robust operating cash flow is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source. We focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital. We continue to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers, and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. Our ability to manage our commercial operations effectively and leverage our IT capabilities is essential in addressing market dynamics and enhancing our competitive positioning. The integration of technology resources into our business processes supports our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility, enabling us to respond to changing business needs and directions while maximizing performance and value creation.