We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. In 2021, we laid the foundation for our long-term growth ambitions beyond nicotine in wellness and healthcare, including the milestone acquisitions of Vectura Group plc and Fertin Pharma A/S, which provide essential capabilities for future product development. The Swedish Match acquisition is a key milestone in PMI's transformation to becoming a smoke-free company. By joining forces with Swedish Match, we expect to accelerate the achievement of our joint smoke-free ambitions, switching more adults who would otherwise continue to smoke cigarettes to better alternatives faster than either company could achieve separately. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law. The settlement includes non-monetary provisions between PMI and BAT that resolve all ongoing global patent infringement litigation, encompassing all related injunctions and exclusion orders, and prevents patent infringement and certain other future claims against current heated tobacco and vapor products. The settlement also allows each party to innovate and introduce product iterations. We continue commercial activities in select locations where safety allows, in order to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, and supply the market from production centers outside Ukraine, as well as through a contract manufacturing arrangement. Additionally, we hold a 23% equity interest in Megapolis Distribution BV, the holding company of CJSC TK Megapolis, PMI's distributor in Russia. These developments above have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position, and may result in impairment charges. Our net revenues of $35.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, increased by $3.4 billion, or 10.7%, from the comparable 2022 amount. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2022 amount was driven by the following: net revenues increased by 10.7%, including the impact of the Swedish Match acquisition and currency. Net revenues, excluding currency and acquisitions, increased by 7.6%, mainly reflecting a favorable pricing variance, primarily driven by higher combustible tobacco pricing, and favorable volume/mix, mainly driven by higher HTU volume, partially offset by lower cigarette volume.