We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to create efficiencies that help us better serve customers. Our ability to manage operational risks related to new products and services, changes in processes and procedures, or the implementation of new technology is critical. We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time, including operational risks related to technology. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, execution of our strategic priorities, and our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. Our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments, and return excess capital to shareholders while maintaining appropriate capital and liquidity in light of economic conditions. We are actively focused on the timely incorporation of applicable regulatory pronouncements and emerging risks into our enterprise risk management framework. Our risk management framework consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization, including technology risk management. We employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. Our technology committee oversees technology strategy and significant technology initiatives and programs, including those that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages. We have established risk management policies and procedures to support our enterprise risk management framework, articulate our risk culture, and define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, which includes risks associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines, including those related to technology investments. The technology infrastructure is critical to our ability to deliver services efficiently and effectively, and we continuously optimize our technology capabilities to enhance customer experience and operational efficiency.