Our 2023 results reflect increased demand for our services, as revenue and operating income increased in all of our segments as compared to 2022. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems through multi-year grid modernization and reliability programs, as well as system upgrades and hardening programs in response to recurring severe weather events. We have also experienced high demand for new and expanded transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure needed to reliably transport power. The transition to a reduced-carbon economy is continuing to drive demand for renewable generation and related infrastructure, as well as interconnection services necessary to connect and transmit renewable-generated electricity to existing electric power delivery systems. During 2022 and into 2023, the timing of certain projects within this segment were negatively impacted by supply chain challenges that resulted in delays and shortages of materials necessary for certain projects. We experienced strong demand for our services focused on utility spending, particularly our gas distribution services to natural gas utilities implementing modernization programs, as customers continued to move forward with maintenance and capital spending that was deferred during the course of the COVID-19 pandemic. Increased revenues and operating income across all our segments contributed to $1.58 billion of net cash provided by operating activities, which allowed us to execute our business plan, including the strategic acquisition of several businesses. The increase in operating income was primarily due to the increase in revenues, with operating margin during the year negatively impacted by variability in overall project timing and increased unabsorbed costs related to the ramping up of resources to support the increase in project activity. Our capital deployment priorities that require the use of cash include working capital to fund ongoing operating needs, capital expenditures to meet anticipated demand for our services, acquisitions and investments to facilitate long-term growth, and return of capital to stockholders. We expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments for equipment purchases and equipment lease and rental arrangements to be needed to meet anticipated demand for our services. Our working capital needs may increase when we commence large volumes of work under circumstances where project costs are required to be paid before the associated receivables are billed and collected. Cash flow from operating activities is primarily influenced by demand for our services and operating margins but is also influenced by the timing of working capital needs associated with the various types of services that we provide. We believe this measure enables management to more effectively forecast our future capital needs and results and better identify future operating trends that may not otherwise be apparent. Our remaining performance obligations represent management's estimate of consolidated revenues that are expected to be realized from the remaining portion of firm orders under fixed price contracts not yet completed or for which work has not yet begun. The increases in remaining performance obligations and backlog from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023 were primarily attributable to multiple new project awards. We expect to continue to allocate significant capital to strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as to pay dividends and to repurchase our outstanding common stock and/or debt securities. Our available commitments under our senior credit facility and cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023 were $2.81 billion.