The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We conduct business primarily through our QCT (Qualcomm CDMA Technologies) semiconductor business and our QTL (Qualcomm Technology Licensing) licensing business. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles. This has resulted in fluctuations in QCT revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products and in QTL revenues when licensees' sales occur. We expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world as we continue to transition from 3G/4G multimode and 4G products and services. We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation and licensing, and a leading developer and supplier of 5G integrated circuit products in order to sustain and grow our business long term. We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers. We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. Given the continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic and demand environment, we have initiated certain restructuring actions to enable investments in key growth and diversification opportunities. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and not welcome the success of our licensing programs in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. Accordingly, such companies, and/or governments or regulators, may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our research and development expenditures were $8.8 billion in fiscal 2023 and $8.2 billion in fiscal 2022, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments. We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and other market conditions, such as the impact of certain capacity constraints experienced across the semiconductor industry. We believe these estimates are reasonable, but any significant changes in customer demand that are less favorable than our previous estimates may require additional inventory write-downs and would be reflected in cost of sales resulting in a negative impact to our gross margin in that period.