The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). We employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. We periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain, enhance, and comply with environmental regulations. The impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. The estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, and general economic and business conditions. We review our ships and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. We evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders, and we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the five ships on order for our global brands. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We have significant contractual obligations, including our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases. Our obligations due through December 31, 2024 primarily consist of debt maturities, interest on debt, and progress payments on our ship orders. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt, and/or the refinancing of our existing debt to fund our obligations. We have significant liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents and undrawn revolving credit facility capacity. Our public debt securities contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. We believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. However, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements.