Our discussion also contains some additional context regarding our business, including industry considerations and the business environment, as well as certain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. We continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address these macroeconomic pressures, including our digital transformation, operational modernization, cost reduction, and advanced technology programs. Our defense operations consist primarily of our raytheon business and operations within our collins and pratt & whitney segments. The organic sales increase of $3.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily reflects higher commercial aftermarket sales of $1.9 billion, primarily due to an increase in volume, content, and favorable mix as the commercial aerospace environment continues to recover. The increase also includes higher commercial oem sales of $0.9 billion, primarily driven by higher volume and favorable mix. The organic operating profit increase of $0.4 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by higher commercial aerospace operating profit of $0.6 billion, principally due to the aftermarket sales increase discussed above, partially offset by lower commercial oem operating profit as the oem volume increase combined with higher production costs more than offset the benefit from favorable mix. The organic sales increase of $2.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects higher commercial aftermarket sales of $1.8 billion, primarily due to an increase in shop visits and related spare part sales as the commercial aerospace environment continues to recover. The increase also includes higher commercial oem sales of $0.9 billion driven by favorable mix and higher volume on commercial engine shipments. The organic operating profit increase of $0.8 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by higher commercial aerospace operating profit of $1.1 billion principally due to the aftermarket sales volume increase and favorable oem mix. The organic profit increase also includes slightly higher military operating profit primarily driven by favorable mix. The increase in commercial aerospace operating profit includes a $50 million favorable contract adjustment on a commercial aftermarket program in the second quarter of 2022. The organic sales increase of $3.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily relates to higher commercial aerospace aftermarket sales of $2.1 billion, including increases across all aftermarket sales channels. These increases were principally driven by the continued recovery of commercial air traffic which has resulted in an increase in flight hours. The increase in other operating profit of $0.2 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the absence of $141 million of pretax charges related to global sanctions and export controls with respect to russia recorded in 2022, the absence of $69 million of charges associated with the disposition of two non-core businesses in 2022, and the net favorable customer settlements discussed above. The changes at collins, pratt & whitney, and raytheon were related to the changes in products sales noted above. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily driven by higher information technology-related costs at corporate, collins, and pratt & whitney, and higher combined expenses at collins and pratt & whitney, principally driven by higher employee-related costs. We have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue into 2024. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (oem) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. We believe defense bookings are an important measure of future performance for our defense operations and are an indicator of potential future changes in these operations' total net sales, because we cannot recognize revenues under a new contract without first having a booking in the current or a preceding period.