Management focuses on several client activity and financial metrics in evaluating Schwab's financial position and operating performance, believing that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on business momentum and client engagement. The company has made significant progress in its integration of TD Ameritrade, transitioning approximately $1.6 trillion in client assets across more than 15 million client accounts, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The integration process has involved evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company and taking action through various means, including enhancing technological infrastructure to support growth of the business and the integration of TD Ameritrade. The company continues to invest in its technological infrastructure to support the TD Ameritrade integration as well as greater capacity for its expanding client base. Schwab's financial performance during 2023 reflected challenges in navigating a market environment shaped by the Federal Reserve's interest rate tightening policy and the follow-on effects stemming from the regional banking crisis. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. The company is committed to protecting its and its clients' assets from fraud and complying with all applicable laws and regulations to prevent, detect, and report fraudulent activity, managing fraud risk through policies, procedures, and controls. Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of its critical business functions and technology systems, and the company maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure to minimize business interruptions. The company has established a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. Schwab's ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as enhance its infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner is critical to its competitive positioning. The company has taken incremental actions to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration, including through position eliminations and decreasing its real estate footprint, expecting to realize at least $500 million of incremental run-rate cost savings in addition to integration synergies. The company anticipates total acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures will be between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, with expected annualized cost synergies of between $1.8 billion and $2.0 billion. The company has also begun to prepare for complying with new regulatory requirements, which could significantly impact the products, services, and support that firms can make available to retirement investors, requiring substantial operational changes for financial intermediaries including Schwab. The company's risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation, with a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact.