Synopsys provides products and services used across the entire silicon to software spectrum to bring smart everything to life, enabling customers to meet new requirements for energy efficiency, reliability, mobility, security, and more. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in design automation products, expanding our design IP offerings, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and total addressable market. The current uncertain macroeconomic environment could lead some of our customers to postpone their decision-making, decrease their spending, and/or delay their payments to us. We continue to experience an impact from the current macroeconomic environment in our software integrity segment as customers have applied elevated levels of scrutiny to purchasing decisions due in part to their own budget uncertainty, which has affected customer order size, pricing, and/or contract duration. Our management is considering a full range of strategic opportunities for our software integrity segment, reflecting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The design automation segment includes products that automate the highly complex IC design process and reduce defects that could lead to expensive design or manufacturing re-spins or suboptimal end products. The design IP segment serves companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industries, providing high-quality, silicon-proven IP solutions for system-on-chips optimized for specific application requirements. The software integrity segment includes a broad portfolio of products and services to intelligently address software risks across the customer's portfolio and at all stages of the application lifecycle, enabling customers to manage open source license compliance and detect, prioritize, and remediate security vulnerabilities and defects. Our revenues are generated from three business segments: design automation, design IP, and software integrity, with fluctuations primarily due to customer requirements including the timing and value of contract renewals. The increase in research and development expenses for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher employee-related costs as we continue to expand and enhance our product portfolio. The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to increases in employee-related costs and higher sales commissions. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond. Our future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the timing and extent of our spending to support our research and development efforts. We are actively monitoring geopolitical pressures around the world, as any significant disruption caused by these or other geopolitical pressures or conflicts could materially affect our employees, business, operating results, financial condition, or customers in those regions of the world. Our organizational structure has been realigned to evaluate the results of our design IP business separately, reflecting a strategic resource allocation to enhance operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The impact of the current macroeconomic environment on our business highlights the need for effective IT governance and resource management to navigate challenges and leverage opportunities for business transformation and performance improvement.