We are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, and automotive markets. Our purpose is to accelerate progress by delivering an exceptional, differentiated customer experience through enhancing foundational capabilities, evolving core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. Our strategy includes strengthening data management capabilities for cross-enterprise value creation, ensuring data quality through governance, enhanced architecture, and policy codification. We are adopting efficient modern native cloud technologies and data services, implementing technologies that align with customer needs and unlock new opportunities, and formulating an enterprise-wide AI strategy that accelerates innovation in our product offerings and drives productivity. Our operations consist of five businesses, including market intelligence, which is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. The market intelligence portfolio is designed to help trading and investment professionals track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive dynamics, perform valuations, and manage credit risk. We are focused on developing key product offerings in growth areas such as sustainability and leveraging technology investments for product launches and innovation. The ratings segment provides credit ratings, research, and analytics, offering investors information, ratings, and benchmarks. Our credit ratings express opinions about credit risk and the ability of issuers to meet financial obligations. The commodity insights segment provides essential price data, analytics, and industry insights, enabling markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency. Our mobility segment serves the full automotive value chain, providing critical information and insights to vehicle manufacturers, suppliers, and consumers. We are enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with a focus on ease of discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our products and services. We are also prioritizing key strategic relationships to drive enterprise alignment and account development. Our commitment to risk management, compliance, and control across S&P Global is driving the security and resiliency of business-critical systems. We are focused on continuous improvement in diverse representation through hiring, advancement, and retention, while ensuring our people are engaged with a focus on learning, development, and career opportunities. Our financial strategy includes meeting or exceeding organic revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets, realizing merger/integration commitments, and driving growth and superior shareholder returns through effective execution and prudent capital allocation. Our investments in technology and data management are intended to enhance operational efficiency and support business transformation, thereby creating value and improving firm performance. The legal and regulatory environment continues to evolve, impacting our operations and requiring compliance with various laws and regulations, including those related to data privacy and cybersecurity. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to navigate these challenges and enhance our competitive positioning in the market.