The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also been an important contribution to the growth of our business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream and a diversified revenue base, which reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The pace of the international recovery has been slower than the domestic recovery and remains below pre-pandemic levels. However, airline demand for new aircraft is strong, and both Boeing and Airbus have disclosed further planned OEM production rate increases for calendar 2024. The pandemic continued to disrupt the global supply chain and labor markets, though the disruption has gradually improved. Our business has been adversely affected, though not materially, and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. We believe this measure provides investors with a supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. The increase in organic sales is primarily attributable to increases in commercial aftermarket sales, commercial OEM sales, and defense sales. The increase in commercial aftermarket sales is primarily attributable to the continued recovery in commercial air travel demand and the resulting higher flight hours and utilization of aircraft. The increase in defense sales is primarily attributable to improving U.S. government defense spend outlays. The change in cost of sales during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 decreased as a percentage of net sales despite increased inflationary pressures. This was primarily driven by the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies coupled with fixed overhead costs incurred being spread over a higher production volume. The increase in EBITDA as defined was primarily due to the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume despite the ongoing inflationary environment for freight, labor, and certain raw materials. The company expects to meet its short-term cash liquidity requirements through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand, and, if needed, draws on the revolving credit facility. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future.