We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates our business and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth over the long term. In support of our enterprise strategy, we expanded our supply chain capacity and digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding new supply chain facilities to support our growth and commitment to fast delivery times, while helping our teams work more efficiently and managing our shipping costs. We fulfilled over 60 percent of our digital sales through our same-day fulfillment options, which reflects our ability to tailor services in response to changing business needs. We have also experienced lower digital fulfillment costs due to a decrease in digital sales and an increased mix of digital sales fulfilled through lower-cost same-day services. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We believe that improvements in the supply chain have resulted in decreased inventory and costs related to managing elevated inventory levels. Our gross margin rate reflected the net impact of lower digital fulfillment and supply chain costs due to a decrease in digital volume and lower inventory levels. We monitor the percentage of purchases paid for using our branded credit cards, as our internal analysis indicates that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our credit cards are also incremental sales. Our capital expenditures reflect investments in our strategic initiatives, including investments in both stores and in our supply chain. We expect to continue to invest in new store and supply chain leases, which underscores our commitment to operational flexibility and resource allocation to enhance our capabilities. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in highly rated direct short-term instruments. We believe our sources of liquidity, including operating cash flows and access to capital markets, will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations and finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives. Our financing strategy ensures liquidity and access to capital markets while managing our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. We have the ability to obtain short-term financing under our commercial paper program and credit facilities, which backstop our commercial paper program. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth, and we have taken actions to align inventories with sales trends. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates, which include significant estimation or judgment related to inventory and cost of sales, vendor income, and long-lived assets. We believe that our investments in technology capabilities and strategic resource allocation will enhance our operational efficiency and support our long-term business objectives.