We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Total Control® is a unique customer offering that enables us to develop strong, long-term relationships with our larger customers. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. Our strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, which includes enhancing our performance in serving our current customer base and focusing on accounts best suited to our strategy for profitable growth. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We have a dedicated team responsible for reducing waste in our operational processes, with objectives of optimizing our resources for delivery and pickup of equipment and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. The continued expansion and cross-selling of adjacent specialty and services products enables us to provide a "one-stop" shop for our customers. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business, as exhibited by our acquisition of General Finance Corporation, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position us as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. Our general strategy calls for a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We continue to assess the economic environment in which we operate and take appropriate actions to address the economic and other challenges we face. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. Our digital capabilities and IT infrastructure support our operational flexibility and enhance our customer relationships, which are critical in a highly competitive and fragmented industry. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months, and we plan to fund future capital expenditures from cash generated from operations and proceeds from the sale of rental and non-rental equipment. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT governance and management practices are designed to ensure that we effectively support business needs and enhance organizational capabilities.