We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis and increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis eligible and able to receive our medicines, including through label expansions, expanded reimbursement, and the development of new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously. Our business strategy includes acquiring technologies, products, product candidates, and other businesses that are aligned with our corporate and research and development strategies and complement and advance our ongoing research and development efforts. We have engaged in a number of acquisitions of privately held biotechnology companies over the last several years. Our acquisition of Viacyte, which had intellectual property, tools, technologies, and assets with the potential to accelerate development of our type 1 diabetes programs, was accounted for as a business combination. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase due to our advancing pipeline programs. Our business environment in 2023 was characterized by significant investments in research and development, which we believe are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring operational efficiency. We are also focused on ensuring appropriate reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs, to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our therapies provide and provide patients with appropriate levels of access to our medicines and therapies now and in the future.