Verizon Communications Inc. is focused on the capabilities of its high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the digital world. The company is consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure its leadership in both 4G and 5G wireless networks. Its strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, provide additional capacity for growth in networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. The ongoing deployment of C-band spectrum enhances and drives the monetization of networks, platforms, and solutions, while also focusing on improving financial and operating performance. Verizon is leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services, which enables higher throughput and lower latency than 4G LTE technology. The company is densifying its networks by utilizing macro and small cell technology, in-building solutions, and distributed antenna systems, which adds capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and growing demand for IoT products and services. The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and Verizon believes that its high-quality networks and customer base differentiate it from competitors, allowing it to manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. Future revenue growth in the industry is expected to be driven by expanding existing customer relationships, increasing the number of ways customers can connect with wireless networks and services, and increasing the penetration of fixed wireless access and connected devices. Verizon's capital expenditures continue to relate primarily to enhancing the operating efficiency and productivity of networks, maintaining existing infrastructure, facilitating the introduction of new products and services, and enhancing responsiveness to competitive challenges. The company expects service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customer demand for mobile and fixed wireless 5G connectivity continues to expand, as well as from targeted pricing actions and increased connections per account. In the business segment, Verizon provides wireless products and services to business and government customers across the U.S., and it expects that connection growth, combined with its industry-leading network assets, will provide additional opportunities to sell solutions around security, private networking, and advanced communications. The company is also focused on cost efficiencies to enhance flexibility to adjust to changes in the competitive and economic environments. Verizon's ongoing investments in its wireless networks, high-speed fiber, and other advanced technologies are designed to position the company at the center of growth trends for the future. The company believes that its C-band spectrum, together with its industry-leading millimeter wave spectrum holdings and its 4G LTE network and fiber infrastructure, will drive innovative products and services and fuel growth.