Welltower invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our asset management process includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. We aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk, and our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, and property performance. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments, and our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. The changes in net cash provided from/used in investing activities are primarily attributable to net changes in real property investments and dispositions, loans receivable, and investments in unconsolidated entities. The increase in overall development and recurring capital expenditures is due primarily to portfolio growth and increased spending after a contraction during the pandemic. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures, and we consider funds from operations and consolidated net operating income to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. Our leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash and restricted cash, and we expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile. We evaluate our concentration risk in terms of net operating income by property mix, relationship mix, and geographic mix, which helps us understand what portion of our net operating income could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate various aspects of our business, and management uses these indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute plans and appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We have adopted new rules that permit subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent to omit separate financial statements if certain conditions are met, which reflects our commitment to transparency in financial reporting. Our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. We believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund our uses of cash, and we continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. The allocation of the purchase price to the related real estate acquired is based on a relative fair value analysis, and we estimate the fair value of each component of the real estate acquired, which generally includes land, buildings, and improvements. The determination of the allowance for credit losses is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments.