We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry. In line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we remain focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and change the way we interact with our customers. Advancements made through these initiatives are intended to seamlessly and digitally connect all enterprise functions required to service customers and provide the best experience. Additionally, in 2022, we implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system and a human capital management system, which will continue to drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified and connected employee experience. We continue to invest in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and provide operating efficiencies intended to reduce our cost to serve. Our strategic focus, combined with strong operational execution, resulted in increased revenue, income from operations and income from operations margin. We remain diligent in offering a competitive and differentiated service that meets the needs of our customers, and we are focused on driving operating efficiencies and reducing discretionary spend. We continue to make investments in automation and optimization to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. Our spending on acquisitions was primarily related to our collection and disposal businesses. The company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management to prioritize investments for expansion, the replacement of aging assets and assets that support our strategy of differentiation and continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. The increase in capital spending is primarily driven by our planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments, as well as inflationary increases in many fixed asset categories required to support ongoing operations and investments in the company's landfills to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We continue to focus on our priorities to advance our strategy-enhancing employee engagement, permanently reducing our cost to serve through the use of technology and automation, and investing in growth through our recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. We are also focused on delivering outstanding customer service, managing our variable costs with changing volumes and investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and provide operating efficiencies intended to reduce our cost to serve. We are taking big, bold steps to catalyze positive change - change that will impact our company as well as the communities we serve. Our sustainability report conveys the strong linkage between the company's sustainability goals and our growth strategy, inclusive of the planned and ongoing expansion of the company's recycling processing and sales and wm renewable energy segments. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. As companies, individuals and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet their needs.