We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan for 2024 includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth. We also anticipate increases resulting from transmission & gulf of mexico expansion projects, including the regional energy access project, and annual inflation-based rate increases across our gathering and processing business. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2024 are expected to be in a range from $1.45 billion to $1.75 billion, excluding acquisitions. Growth capital spending in 2024 primarily includes transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting growth in the haynesville basin, and projects supporting the northeast g&p business. We also expect to invest capital in our other segment ventures. We intend to fund substantially all planned 2024 capital spending with cash available after paying dividends. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities including the repurchase of our common stock. Our potential sources of liquidity available to address these maturities include cash on hand, proceeds from refinancing, our credit facility, or our commercial paper program, as well as proceeds from asset monetizations. We continuously monitor regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. Implementation of new or modified regulations may result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment - net in the consolidated balance sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas; however, due to regulatory uncertainty on final rule content and applicability timeframes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the cost these regulatory impacts at this time. We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates for our interstate natural gas transmission pipelines. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: transmission & gulf of mexico, northeast g&p, west, and gas & ngl marketing services. We constructed approximately 22 miles of gathering pipeline and associated incremental compression. The system added incremental natural gas gathering capacity of 320 mmcf/d. This project went into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. We have an agreement in place with a third party for a construction project to facilitate natural gas production growth in the susquehanna region. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. We also expect to invest capital in our other segment ventures. Our ongoing major expansion projects include the transmission & gulf of mexico deepwater shenandoah project, which expands our existing gulf of mexico offshore infrastructure. We plan to place the project into service in the fourth quarter of 2024.