We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising and data service businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. Our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. This includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy. We define our financial priorities as follows: growth, margin improvement through productivity initiatives, and returns through disciplined capital spend. Our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as ecommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. We measure the results of the company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. We focus on comparable sales in the U.S. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the U.S. retail market. Our total revenues increased primarily due to increases in net sales, which were positively impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. For fiscal 2024, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased when compared to the previous fiscal year, positively impacted by lapping charges related to opioid-related legal settlements and the reorganization and restructuring of certain businesses. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; supply chain pressures; and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results. We have taken certain strategic actions across our segments, including an increased emphasis on investments in automation and supply chain as well as diversifying our earnings streams through category and business mix. We utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. We believe our cash flows from operations, current cash position, short-term borrowings and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements and contractual obligations, which includes funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. Our investment in technology and process improvements is aimed at increasing productivity and operational efficiency, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the retail market.