Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&A) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all core species. Our internal R&D capabilities are differentiators, but we also collaborate across both academia and industry to ensure we are bringing the best possible innovations to our customers. We believe that digital and data have surpassed the stage of enablement and are now core decision drivers for the future of animal health. We are leaders in the translation of digital solutions and data insights to positive outcomes for our customers and for the animals they care for, whether for better identification of health care solutions in pets or improved production capabilities in livestock. We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the United States (U.S.) and international. Within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both companion animals and livestock customers in order to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. Our strategic pillars include leading through innovation across our diverse portfolio, delivering an exceptional experience to delight our customers, powering our business through digital solutions and data insights, supporting a workplace where our colleagues can thrive, and advancing sustainability in animal health for a better future. We believe our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential to meet changing business needs and directions. Our vision is to be the most trusted and valued animal health company, shaping the future of animal care through our innovation, customer obsession, and purpose-driven colleagues. We recognize the increasing uncertainty in our industry and more broadly across the world. While we aim to improve our ability to predict, we more importantly aim to be proactive in how effectively we manage our resources and how quickly we can redeploy focus to emerging themes or priorities. We actively review and manage our resources, continuously improve key operational processes, and ensure strategic focus on our core business. Our ability to incorporate inflationary challenges into our product pricing and mitigate the impact on our results is supported by our broad and innovative portfolio. The overall economic environment, in addition to industry-specific factors, presents challenges related to global economic conditions, an economic downturn, and high inflation.