we participate in a capital
at times, our pp&e and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value, or the current fair value of an investment is less than its carrying amount and the loss in value is deemed other than temporary.
as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties.
our operations are in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures.
accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the "mix" of before-tax earnings within our global operations.
our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including civil unrest or strained relationships with governments that may impact our operations or investments.
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
outlook production and capital
2022 operating plan capital budget is $7.2 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance and
$0.2 billion for projects to reduce the company's scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity and investme nts in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions.
production guidance is 1.8 mmboed in 2022 including libya but excluding the impacts from the pending indonesia disposition and acquisition of additional aplng shareholding interest.
corporate and other represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item
2021 earnings were positively impacted by:
higher realized commodity prices.
higher sales volumes primarily due to our concho acquisition and absence of production curtailments.
-tax for the entire carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset.
higher equity in earnings of affiliates, primarily due to higher lng sales prices.
contingent payments related to prior dispositions in our canada and lower 48 segments.
an after-tax gain of $194 million recognized for a fid bonus associated with our australia
-west divestiture in 2020.
lower impairments, primarily due to the absence of impairments recognized in 2020 for noncore assets in our lower 48 segment partially offset by an impairment in our aplng investment included within our asia pacific segment.
higher dd&a expenses caused by higher production volumes, partially offset by lower rates driven from positive reserve revisions due to higher commodity prices in 2021.
absence of a $597 million after-tax gain on our australia-west divestiture completed in may
restructuring and transaction expenses of $341 million after-tax associated with the concho and shell acquisitions in addition to mark-to-market impacts on certain key employee compensation programs.
-tax related to derivative positions assumed through our concho acquisition.
these derivative positions were settled entirely within the first quarter of 2021.
sales and other operating revenues increased 144 percent in 2021, mainly due to higher realized commodity prices and higher sales volumes.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased
$400 million in 2021, primarily due to higher earnings driven by higher lng and crude prices, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate related to equity method investments in our europe, middle east and north africa segment
gain on dispositions decreased $63 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of a $587 million gain related to our 2020 australia-west divestiture and a $179 million loss associated with the sale of noncore assets in our other international segment.
the decreases were partially offset by $200 million related to a fid bonus associated with our australia-west divestiture, gains recognized for contingent payments associated with previous dispositions in our canada and lower 48 segments and gains on sales of certain noncore assets in our lower 48 segment.
purchased commodities increased 125 percent in 2021, primarily in line with higher gas and crude prices and volumes.
production and operating expenses increased $1,350 million in 2021, primarily in line with higher production volumes.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $289 million in 2021, primarily due to transaction and restructuring expenses associated with our concho acquisition and higher compensation and benefits costs, including mark-to-market impacts of certain key employee compensation programs.
$1,113 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of 2020 expenses including an $828 million impairment for the entire carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset, the early cancellation of our
impairments decreased $139 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of impairments recognized in 2020 for noncore assets in our lower 48 segment partially offset by an impairment in our aplng investment included within our asia pacific segment in 2021.
for additional information, see note 7
$880 million in 2021, caused primarily by higher commodity prices and higher lower 48 sales volumes.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (mbd)
equity affiliates
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per bbl)
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (per bbl)
equity affiliates
2021 10-k we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
total production, including libya, of 1,567 mboed increased 440 mboed or 39 percent in 2021 compared with
higher volumes in lower 48 due to our concho acquisition
2020 disposition.
after adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, impacts from 2020 curtailments, 2021 winter storm uri and the conversion of concho two-stream contracted volumes to a three-stream basis, production increased by 28 mboed or 2 percent.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips alaska reported earnings of $1,386 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $719 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
including a $648 million after-tax impairment associated with the carrying value of our alaska north slope gas assets and the early cancellation of our winter exploration program.
production average production decreased 1 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to:
improved production at our western north slope assets as a result of net royalty interest changes associated with periodic redetermination.
*includes conversion of previously acquired concho two-stream contracts to three-stream initiated in the fourth quarter of 2021.
**average sales prices, including the impact of hedges settling per initial contract terms in the first quarter of
2021 assumed in our concho acquisition were $65.19 per barrel for crude oil and $4.33 per mcf for natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2021.
as of march 31, 2021, we had settled all oil and gas hedging positions acquired from concho.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips lower 48 reported earnings of $4,932 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $1,122 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher sales volumes due to our concho acquisition and the absence of production curtailments.
lower impairments, primarily related to developed properties in our noncore assets which were written down to fair value due to lower commodity prices and development plan changes.
higher gains on dispositions related to selling our interests in certain noncore assets.
impacts resulting from our concho acquisition, including higher selling, general and administrative expenses for transaction and restructuring charges, as well as realized losses on derivative settlements.
production total average production increased 395 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to:
higher volumes due to our concho acquisition.
bitumen (mbd)
bitumen ($ per bbl)
**average prices for sales of bitumen produced excludes additional value realized from the purchase and sale of third-party volumes for optimization of our pipeline capacity between canada and the u.s. gulf coast.
our canadian operations consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips canada operations reported earnings of $458 million in 2021 compared with a loss of $326 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher realized bitumen prices and crude oil prices.
after-tax gains on disposition related to contingent payments of $246 million in 2021 associated with the sale of certain assets to cve in 2017.
production total average production increased 24 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020.
production from our kelt acquisition completed in the third quarter of 2020.
net income attributable to conocophillips the europe, middle east and north africa segment reported earnings of $1,167 million in 2021 compared with earnings of $448 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher lng sales prices, reflected in equity in earnings of affiliates.
partly offsetting the increase in dd&a expenses were lower rates from positive reserve revisions.
consolidated production average consolidated production increased 39 mboed in 2021, compared with 2020.
new production from norway drilling activities, including our tor ii redevelopment project which achieved full production in 2021.
net income attributable to conocophillips asia pacific reported earnings of $453 million in 2021, compared with $962 million in 2020.
-west divestiture.
absence of sales volumes associated with australia
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher lng sales prices, reflected in equity in earnings of affiliates.
an after-tax gain of $194 million recognized for a fid bonus associated with our australia-west divestiture.
for additional information related to this fid bonus, see note 3
consolidated production average consolidated production decreased 16 mboed in 2021, compared with 2020.
the divestiture of our australia
development activity at bohai bay in china.
the other international segment includes exploration and appraisal activities in colombia as well as contingencies associated with prior operations in other countries.
as a result of our concho acquisition, we refocused our exploration program and announced our intent to pursue managed exits from certain areas.
other international operations reported a loss of $107 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $64 million in 2020.
a $137 million after-tax loss on divestiture related to our argentina exploration interests.
absence of a $29 million after-tax benefit to earnings from the dismissal of arbitration related to prior operations in senegal recognized in the first quarter of 2020.
changes to earnings were positively impacted by:
absence of exploration expenses associated with dry hole costs and a full impairment of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs in colombia in the fourth quarter of 2020.
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest.
million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher debt balances assumed due to our concho acquisition.
million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to restructuring expenses associated with our concho acquisition and mark to market adjustments associated with certain compensation programs
activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, heavy oil, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery as well as lng.
earnings from technology increased by $51 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher licensing revenues.
the category "other" includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, holding gains or losses on equity securities, and pension settlement expense.
earnings in "other" increased by $1,875 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a gain of $1,040 million on our cve common shares in 2021, compared with a $855 million loss in 2020.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by operating activities
total equity
percent of total debt to capital*
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement.
in 2021, the primary uses of our available cash were $8.7 billion for the acquisition of shell permian;
$5.3 billion to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program;
at december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.0 billion, short-term investments of $0.4 billion, and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility of $6.0 billion, totaling approximately $11.5 billion of liquidity.
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the "significant changes in capital" section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments and required debt payments.
significant changes in capital operating activities in 2021, cash provided by operating activities was $17 billion, compared with $4.8 billion for 2020.
the increase is primarily due to higher realized commodity prices and higher sales volumes, mostly resulting from our acquisition of concho.
the increase was partly offset by the $0.8 billion in settlement of oil and gas hedging positions acquired from concho, and approximately
and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control.
absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, impacts from 2020 curtailments, 2021 winter storm uri and the conversion of concho two-stream contracted volumes to a three-stream basis, production increased 28 mboed or
acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates;
operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability;
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost
while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
see "item 1a-risk factors - unless we successfully develop our resources, the scopeof our business will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business."
as discussed in the "critical accounting estimates"
section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, reserves may be revised upward or downward each year due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs.
it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact future reserve quantities.
investing activities in 2021, we invested $5.3 billion in capital expenditures.
capital expenditures invested in 2020 and 2019 were
for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the
"capital expenditures and investments"
in december 2021, we completed our acquisition of shell's assets in the delaware basin for cash consideration of approximately $8.7 billion after customary adjustments.
we funded this transaction with cash on hand.
we completed our acquisition of concho on january 15, 2021.
the net impact of these items is recognized within "acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired" on our consolidated sta tement of cash flows.
in 2021, we announced a disposition target of $4 to $5 billion in disposition proceeds by year-end
only proceeds from transactions announced or initiated in the third quarter of 2021 or later will be counted toward this target.
the proceeds from these transactions will be used in accordance with the company's priorities, including returns of capital to shareholders and reduction of gross debt.
total proceeds from asset dispositions in 2021 were $1.7 billion.
including the $250 million mentioned above, we also received cash proceeds of $1.14 billion from sales of our investment in cve common shares and $244 million of contingent payments related to dispositions completed before
in may 2021, we announced and began a paced monetization of our investment in cve with the plan to direct proceeds toward our existing share repurchase program.
we expect to fully dispose of our cve common shares by early 2022, however, the sales pace will be guided by market conditions, and we retain discretion to adjust accordingly.
we received cash proceeds of $765 million for the divestiture of our australia-west assets and operations.
-term investments as part of our cash investment strategy, the primary objective of which is to protect principal, maintain liquidity and provide yield and total returns;
these investments include time deposits, commercial paper, as well as debt securities classified as available for sale.
funds for short-term needs to support our operating plan and provide resiliency to react to short-term price volatility are invested in highly liquid instruments with maturities within the year.
funds we consider available to maintain resiliency in longer term capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
price downturns and to capture opportunities outside a given operating plan may be invested in instruments with maturities greater than one year.
financing activities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.0 billion, expiring in may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
the amount of the facility is not subject to the redetermination prior to its expiration date.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports conocophillips company's ability to issue up to $6.0 billion of commercial paper, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days.
with no commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had access to $6.0 billion in available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility at december 31,
on january 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho in an all-stock transaction. in the acquisition, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt and in december 2020, we launched an offer to exchange concho's publicly traded debt for debt issued by conocophillips.
credit ratings as a result of the debt exchange.
in june 2021, we reaffirmed our commitment to preserving our 'a'
-rated balance sheet by restating our intent to reduce gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years, driving a more resilient and efficient capital structure.
'intermediate' based on a view of increasing risks from the energy transition, price volatility, and weaker profitability.
on february 11, 2021, s&p downgraded its rating of our long-term debt from "a"
-" with a
in october 2021, moody's affirmed its "a3"
rating of our long-term debt and revised its outlook from "stable" to "positive".
in december 2021, fitch affirmed its rating of our long-term debt as "a"
with a "stable" outlook.
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, upon downgrade of our credit ratings.
if our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had direct bank letters of credit of $337 million and
million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which we have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the "capital expenditures and investments"
our debt balance at december 31, 2021, was $19.9 billion, an increase of $4.6 billion from the balance at december 31, 2020, driven by debt acquired as part of the concho acquisition.
maturities of debt (including payments for finance leases) due in
in december 2021, we announced our expected 2022 return of capital program and the initiation of a three-tier return of capital framework.
it includes the addition of a discretionary vroc tier.
the vroc will provide a flexible tool for meeting our commitment of returning greater than
30 percent of cash from operating activities during periods where commodity prices are meaningfully higher than our planning price range.
we have set our expected 2022 total capital returns at approximately $8 billion, consisting of distributions from each of the three tiers.
consistent with our commitment to deliver value to shareholders, in 2021, we paid $2.4 billion, $1.75 per share of common stock, in ordinary dividends. this was an increase over 2020 and 2019, when we paid $1.69 and
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program with board of director's authorization of $25
repurchases are made at management's discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
for more information on factors considered when determining the levels of returns of capital see "item 1a-risk factors - our ability to executeour capital return program is subject to certainconsiderations."
in addition to the priorities described above, we have contractual obligations to purchase goods and services of approximately $11.8 billion.
we expect to fulfill $6 billion of these obligations in 2022. these figures exclude purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
purchase obligations of $5.3 billion are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third
-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities.
purchase obligations of $5.3 billion are related to market-based contracts for commodity product purchases with third parties.
the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
capital expenditures and investments millions of dollars
capital program*
* excludes capital related to acquisitions of businesses, net of capital acquired.
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31,
the 2021 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
development activities in the lower 48, primarily permian, eagle ford, and bakken.
appraisal and development activities in alaska related to the western north slope and development activities in the greater kuparuk area.
appraisal and development activities in the montney and optimization of oil sands development in canada.
continued development activities across assets in norway.
continued development activities in china, malaysia, and indonesia.
2022 capital budget in december 2021, we announced our 2022 operating plan capital of $7.2 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance and
1 and 2 emissions intensity and investments in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k guarantor summarized financialinformation we have various cross guarantees among conocophillips, conocophillips company, and burlington resources llc with respect to publicly held debt securities.
conocophillips and/or conocophillips company have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of burlington resources llc with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
similarly, conocophillips has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips company with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
in addition, conocophillips company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
the obligor group will reflect guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities consisting of conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc.
consolidating adjustments for elimination of investments in and transactions between the collective guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities are reflected in the balances of the summarized financial information.
upon completing the concho acquisition on january 15, 2021, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt of approximately $3.9 billion in aggregate principal amount, which was recorded at the fair value of $4.7 billion on the acquisition date.
the new debt issued in the exchange is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by conocophillips company.
both the guarantor and issuer of the exchange debt is reflected within the obligor group presented here.
transactions and balances reflecting activity between the obligors and non-obligated subsidiaries are presented separately below:
*includes approximately $5.4 billion of purchased commodities expense for transactions with non-obligated subsidiaries.
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
contingencies we are subject to legal proceedings, claims, and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business.
we accrue for losses associated with legal claims when such losses are considered probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
see "critical accounting estimates"
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience, and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if an adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the u.s.
u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
u.s. department of the interior regulations, which relate to offshore oil and gas operations in u.s. waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits, and establish standards and impose obligations for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances and hazardous wastes.
they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations.
these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time-consuming.
in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency's processing of the application.
many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities.
while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal, or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by various state environmental agencies, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations.
longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging that we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute.
on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties.
these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations.
as of december 31, 2021, there were 15 sites around the u.s. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low.
although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability.
there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
capitalized environmental costs were $184 million in 2021 and are expected to be about $218 million and $316 million in
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra ,
and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct or once conducted operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed.
the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra, or other agency enforcement activities.
the laws that require or address environmental remediation may apply retroactively and regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties.
therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
at december 31, 2021, our balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of $187 million, compared with $180 million at december 31, 2020, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred.
however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
see item 1a-risk factors - weexpect to continue toincur substantial capital expendituresand operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing andfuture environmental laws and regulations and note 11
for information on environmental litigatio n.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k climate change continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on ghg reduction.
laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2021 was approximately $19
u.k. emissions trading scheme, the program with which the u.k. has replaced the ets.
our cost of compliance with the u.k. ets in 2021 was approximately
(tier) regulation requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet a facility benchmark intensity.
549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirmed that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an "air pollutant" under the federal clean air act.
the u.s. epa's announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as "interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs,"
the u.s. epa's announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry.
the u.s. government has announced on september 17, 2021 the global methane pledge, a global initiative to reduce global methane emissions by at least 30 percent from 2020 levels by 2030.
our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon legislation in 2021
we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations in canada, totaling approximately $5.7 million (net share before-tax).
st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change, setting out a process for achieving global emission reductions.
the new administration has recommitted the united states to the paris agreement, and a significant number of u.s. state and local governments and major corporations headquartered in the u.s.
have also announced related commitments.
in the u.s., some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions.
such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents conocophillips
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation.
the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
the price and availability of offsets.
see item 1a-risk factors - existing and future laws, regulationsand internal initiatives relating to global climate changes, such as limitations on ghg emissions may impact or limit our business plans,result in significant expenditures, promote alternative uses of energyor reduce demand for our products and note 11
for information on climate change litigation.
we have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register.
gross operated and net equity scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions help us understand our climate transition risk.
scope 2 emissions are indirect ghg emissions from the generation of purchased electricity or steam that we consume.
scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions from sources that we neither own nor control.
capital resources and liquidity table of contents
2021 10-k we announced in october 2020 the adoption of a paris-aligned climate risk framework with the objective of implementing a coherent set of choices designed to facilitate the success of our existing exploration and production business through the energy transition.
given the uncertainties remaining about how the energy transition will evolve, the strategy aims to be robust across a range of potential future outcomes.
our target framework consists of a hierarchy of targets, from a long-term ambition that sets the direction and aim of the strategy, to a medium-term performance target for ghg emissions intensity, to shorter-term targets for flaring and methane intensity reductions.
these performance targets are supported by lower-level internal business unit goals to enable the company to achieve the company-
in september 2021, we increased our interim operational target and have set it to reduce our gross operated and net equity (scope 1 and 2) emissions intensity by
levels by 2030, an improvement from the previously announced target of 35 to 45 percent on only a gross operated basis, with an ambition to achieve net-zero operated emissions by 2050.
we have joined the world bank flaring initiative to work towards zero routine flaring of associated gas by 2030, with an ambition to meet that goal by 2025.
we expanded our marginal abatement cost curve process to provide a broader range of opportunities for emission reduction technology.
projects in jurisdictions with existing ghg pricing regimes incorporate the existing ghg price and forecast into their economics.
the company does not use an estimated market cost of ghg emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing ghg regulations
external engagement: our external engagement aims to differentiate conocophillips within the oil and gas sector with our approach to managing climate-related risk.
we are a founding member of the climate leadership council (clc), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used.
these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually.
we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry.
the acquisition of g&g seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs.
however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been recognized.
property acquisition costs at year-end 2021, we held $9.3 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs which consisted primarily of individually significant and pooled leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, and to a lesser extent, suspended exploratory wells and capitalized interest.
this amount increased by $6.9 billion at december 31, 2021 as compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to the concho and shell permian acquisitions in the permian basin where we have an ongoing significant and active development program.
for insignificant individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves, including estimates of future expirations, and pools that leasehold information with others in similar geographic areas.
for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high.
this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or "suspended,"
2021 10-k if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
the accounting notion of "sufficient progress" is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable.
often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control.
exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
at year-end 2021, total suspended well costs were $660 million, compared with $682 million at year-end 2020.
for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 6
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information.
reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of "proved"
there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as "proved."
our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines.
we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
see oil and gas supplemental disclosures for additional information.
also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on 12-month average prices and current costs.
our proved reserves include estimat ed quantities related to pscs, reported under the "economic interest"
method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
the estimation of proved reserves is also important to the income statement because the proved reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset.
at year-end 2021, the net book value of productive pp&e subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $52 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in
if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2021 would have increased by an estimated
business combination-valuationof oil and gas properties for recent transactions, management applied the principles of acquisition accounting under fasb asc topic 805
"business combinations" and allocated the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date.
significant inputs incorporated within the valuation include future commodity price assumptions and production profiles of reserve estimates, the pace of drilling plans, future operating and development costs, inflation rates, and discount rates using a market
-based weighted average cost of capital determined at the time of the acquisition.
when estimating the fair value of unproved properties, additional risk-weighting adjustments are applied to probable and possible reserves.
the assumptions and inputs incorporated within the fair value estimates are subject to considerable management judgement and are based on industry, market, and economic conditions prevalent at the time of the acquisition.
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management's assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans.
if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment in the periods in which the determination is made.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available evidence at the date of review.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred.
such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value.
when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment.
since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
2021 10-k asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites.
our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs.
the carrying value of our asset retirement obligation estimate is sensitive to inputs such as asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, which are all subject to change between the time of initial recognition of the liability and future settlement of our obligation.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects.
these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the u.s.
at exploration and production sites.
future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
projected benefit obligations the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements.
ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time.
projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption.
a 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by $1.0 billion.
benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions.
a 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $70 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $60 million.
in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans.
we are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains.
these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict.
in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business.
management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure.
however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions;
evaluation of scope of damages; interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms; expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the "contingencies"
section within "capital resources and liquidity" and note 11
we record deferred tax assets and liabilities to account for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements and our tax returns.
we routinely assess our deferred tax assets and reduce such assets by a valuation allowance if we deem it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
in assessing the need for adjustments to existing valuation allowances, we consider all available positive and negative evidence.
positive evidence includes reversals of temporary differences, forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and applicable tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible.
in making our assessment regarding valuation allowances, we weight the evidence based on objectivity.
numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the determination of future taxable income, including factors such as future operating conditions and the assessment of the effects of foreign taxes on our u.s.
we regularly assess and, if required, establish accruals for uncertain tax positions that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where we operate.
we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.
these accruals for uncertain tax positions are subject to a significant amount of judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a periodic basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing tax audits, court proceedings, changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance, or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
regarding discussion of critical accounting estimates on deferred tax valuation allowances.
2021 10-k cautionary statement for the purposes of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933
and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934.
all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, objectives of management for future operatio ns and the anticipated impact of the shell enterprise llc (shell) transaction on the company's business and future financial and operating results are forward-looking statements.
examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends.
we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict.
in addition, we based many of these forward
any differences could result from a variety of factors and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following:
global and regional changes in the demand, supply, prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from a public health crisis or from the imposition or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by opec and other producing countries and the resulting company or third-party actions in response to such changes.
fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls, which may result in recognition of impairment charges on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
the potential for insufficient liquidity or other factors, such as those described herein, that could impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends, whether fixed or variable.
reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating e&p facilities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development, or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.
failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of, announced and future e&p and lng development in a timely manner (if at all) or on budget.
potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, supply chain disruptions, civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.
changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and any materials or products
liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under existing and future environmental regulations and litigation.
significant operational or investment changes imposed by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce ghg emissions.
liability resulting from litigation, including litigation directly or indirectly related to the transaction with concho resources inc., or our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities;
expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls pricing; regulation or taxation;
and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.
volatility in the commodity futures markets.
competition and consolidation in the oil and gas e&p industry.
any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital, including as a result of illiquidity or uncertainty in domestic or international financial markets or investment sentiment.
our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue.
potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.
potential disruption of our operations as a result of pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention.
our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions that are pending or that we elect to undertake in the future in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.
the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us, including our ability to collect payments when due from the government of venezuela or pdvsa.
our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and capital expenditure reductions.
the inadequacy of storage capacity for our products, and ensuing curtailments, whether voluntary or involuntary, required to mitigate this physical constraint.
unanticipated integration issues relating to the acquisition of assets from shell, such as potential disruptions of our ongoing business and higher than anticipated integration costs.
the factors generally described in item 1a-risk factors in this 2021 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.
  item 7a.                                                                                                       
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk