item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the moody's corporation consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" commencing on page 66 and item 1a. "risk factors" commencing on page 27 for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and other factors associated with these statements.
mis publishes credit ratings and provides assessment services on a wide range of debt obligations, programs and facilities, and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide, including various corporate, financial institution and governmental obligations, and structured finance securities.
ma is a global provider of: i) data and information; ii) research and insights; and iii) decision solutions, which help companies make better and faster decisions. ma leverages its industry expertise across multiple risks such as credit, market, financial crime, supply chain, catastrophe and climate to deliver integrated risk assessment solutions that enable business leaders to identify, measure and manage the implications of interrelated risks and opportunities.
the company continues to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on all aspects of its business. the company continues to monitor regional developments relating to the covid-19 pandemic to inform decisions on the reopening of its offices and its business travel policies. as of the date of the filing of this annual report on form 10-k, the company has reopened most of its offices for employees to access on a voluntary basis.
the covid-19 pandemic has not had a material adverse impact on the company's reported results to date and is currently not expected to have a material adverse impact on its near-term outlook. however, moody's is unable to predict the longer-term impact that the pandemic may have on its business, future results of operations, financial position or cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. refer to item 1a. "risk factors" for further disclosure relating to the risks of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's business.
critical accounting estimates moody's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based on the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires moody's to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, moody's evaluates its critical accounting estimates. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management's judgment about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on the company's consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
goodwill and other acquired intangible assets on july 31st of each year, moody's evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, defined as an operating segment (i.e., mis and ma), or one level below an operating segment (i.e., a component of an operating segment).
prior to the second quarter of 2021, ma's reporting unit structure consisted of five reporting units (content, ers, mals, bureau van dijk and reis). pursuant to a strategic reorganization in the ma segment which was completed in the second quarter of 2021, ma's reporting unit structure has been reorganized into two reporting units. ma's two new reporting units generally consist of: i) businesses offering data and data-driven analytical solutions; and ii) risk-management software, workflow and cre solutions. this reorganization did not result in a change to the company's reportable segments.
the company performed qualitative assessments of the reporting units impacted by the reorganization immediately before and after the reorganization became effective. these qualitative assessments resulted in the company determining that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit was less than its carrying amount.
subsequent to the aforementioned reorganization of the ma reporting units, the company now has four reporting units: two within the company's ratings business (one for the icra business and one that encompasses all of moody's other ratings operations) and two reporting units within ma consisting of businesses that offer: i) data and data-driven analytical solutions; and ii) risk-management software, workflow and cre solutions.
table of contents the rms business was acquired on september 15, 2021 and $1,266 million of goodwill was assigned to the ma reporting unit consisting of risk-management software, workflow and cre solutions, $90 million was assigned to the mis reporting unit, and $20 million was assigned to the ma reporting unit consisting of businesses offering data and data-driven analytical solutions. in addition, the company acquired passfort on november 30, 2021 and $138 million of goodwill was assigned to the reporting unit consisting of businesses offering data and data-driven analytical solutions. as the acquisitions of these businesses were completed after the company's annual impairment assessment date of july 31, 2021, goodwill acquired in these transactions was not subject to the company's impairment assessment described below.
the company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a two-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. in the first step, the company assesses various qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. if a determination is made based on the qualitative factors that an impairment does not exist, the company is not required to perform further testing. if the aforementioned qualitative assessment results in the company concluding that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit will be quantitatively determined and compared to its carrying value including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired, and the company is not required to perform further testing. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the company will record a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. the company evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis, or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure of the company due to acquisitions, realignments or if there are indicators of potential impairment. for the reporting units where the company is consistently able to conclude that no impairment exists using only a qualitative approach, the company's accounting policy is to perform the second step of the aforementioned goodwill impairment assessment at least once every three years.
at july 31, 2021, the company performed quantitative assessments for each of the four reporting units. these quantitative assessments were performed to provide new baseline valuations under the aforementioned new reporting unit structure. these quantitative assessments resulted in fair values that significantly exceeded carrying value for all reporting units.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which are more fully described below. in addition, the company also makes certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of its reporting units.
other assets and liabilities, including applicable corporate assets, are allocated to the extent they are related to the operation of respective reporting units.
matters concerning the icra reporting unit icra has reported various matters relating to: (i) an adjudication order and fine imposed (and subsequently enhanced) by the securities and exchange board of india (sebi) in connection with credit ratings assigned to one of icra's customers and the customer's subsidiaries, which are being appealed by icra; (ii) the completion of internal examinations regarding various anonymous complaints, and actions taken by icra's board based on the examinations' findings; and (iii) a separate internal examination of certain allegations against two former senior icra officials. an unfavorable resolution of the aforementioned matters may negatively impact icra's future operating results, which could result in an impairment of goodwill and amortizable intangible assets in future quarters.
methodologies and significant estimates utilized in determining the fair value of reporting units:
the following is a discussion regarding the company's methodology for determining the fair value of its reporting units, excluding icra, at july 31, 2021. as icra is a publicly traded company in india, the company was able to observe its fair value based on its market capitalization.
the fair value of each reporting unit, excluding icra, was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology and comparable public company and precedent transaction multiples. the discounted cash flow analysis requires significant estimates, including projections of future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit that are based on internal budgets and strategic plans, expected long-term growth rates, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital and the effects of external factors and market conditions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit that could result in an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill, which could be material to the company's financial position and results of operations. moody's allocates newly acquired goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the acquisition.
the sensitivity analyses on the future cash flows and wacc assumptions are described below. these key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow valuation methodology require significant management judgment:
-future cash flow assumptions - the projections for future cash flows utilized in the models are derived from historical experience and assumptions regarding future growth and profitability of each reporting unit. these projections are consistent with the company's operating budget and strategic plan. cash flows for the five years subsequent to the date of the quantitative goodwill impairment test were utilized in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the growth rates assumed a gradual increase in revenue based on new customer acquisition and new products. beyond five years a terminal value was determined using a perpetuity growth rate based on inflation and real gdp growth rates. a sensitivity
42     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents analysis of the revenue growth rates was performed on all reporting units. for each reporting unit analyzed, a 10% reduction in the revenue growth rates used would not have resulted in its carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
-wacc - the wacc is the rate used to discount each reporting unit's estimated future cash flows. the wacc is calculated based on the proportionate weighting of the cost of debt and equity. the cost of equity is based on a risk-free interest rate and an equity risk factor, which is derived from public companies similar to the reporting unit and which captures the perceived risks and uncertainties associated with the reporting unit's cash flows. the cost of debt component is calculated as the weighted average cost associated with all of the company's outstanding borrowings as of the date of the impairment test and was immaterial to the computation of the wacc. the cost of debt and equity is weighted based on the debt to market capitalization ratio of publicly traded companies with similarities to the reporting unit being tested. the wacc for all reporting units ranged from 8.0% to 8.5% as of july 31, 2021. differences in the wacc used between reporting units is primarily due to distinct risks and uncertainties regarding the cash flows of the different reporting units. a sensitivity analysis of the wacc was performed on all reporting units as of july 31, 2021 for each reporting unit. for all reporting units, an increase in the wacc of one percentage point would not result in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value.
long-lived assets long-lived assets, which consist primarily of amortizable intangible assets, operating lease rou assets and property and equipment, are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
under the first step of the recoverability assessment, moody's compares the estimated undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the asset or asset group to its carrying value. if the undiscounted future cash flows are greater than the carrying value, no further assessment is required. if the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value, moody's proceeds with step two of the assessment. under step two of this assessment, moody's is required to determine the fair value of the asset or asset group and recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. in performing this assessment, moody's must include assumptions that market participants would use in their estimates of fair value, including the estimated future cash flows and discount rate. moody's must apply judgment in developing estimated future cash flows and in the determination of market participant assumptions.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. the company's tax assets and liabilities are affected by the amounts charged for services provided and expenses incurred as well as other tax matters such as intercompany transactions. the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc topic 740. therefore, income tax expense is based on reported income before income taxes, and deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts that are recognized for income tax purposes.
the company is subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of such audits in order to determine the appropriateness of liabilities for utps. the company classifies interest related to income taxes as a component of interest expense in the company's consolidated financial statements and associated penalties, if any, as part of other non-operating expenses.
for utps, asc topic 740 requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. as the determination of liabilities related to utps and associated interest and penalties requires significant estimates to be made by the company, there can be no assurance that the company will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and thus the eventual outcomes could have a material impact on the company's operating results or financial condition.
revenue recognition and costs to obtain a contract with a customer revenue is recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
the discussion below outlines areas of the company's revenue recognition process that require significant management judgment and estimates. refer to note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive discussion regarding the company's accounting policies relating to the recognition of revenue and costs to obtain a contract with a customer.
in the mis segment, the ssp for both ratings and monitoring services is generally based upon directly observable selling prices where the rating or monitoring service is sold separately.
costs to obtain a contract with a customer:
costs incurred to obtain customer contracts, such as sales commissions, are deferred and recorded within other current assets and other assets when such costs are determined to be incremental to obtaining a contract, would not have been incurred otherwise and the company expects to recover those costs. these costs are amortized to expense on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer of products or services to the customer for which the asset relates. depending on the line of business to which the contract relates, this amortization period may be based upon the average economic life of the products sold or average period for which services are provided, inclusive of anticipated contract renewals.
contingencies accounting for contingencies, including those matters described in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, is highly subjective and requires the use of judgments and estimates in assessing their magnitude and likely outcome. in many cases, the outcomes of such matters will be determined by third parties, including governmental or judicial bodies. the provisions made in the consolidated financial statements, as well as the related disclosures, represent management's best estimates of the current status of such matters and their potential outcome based on a review of the facts and in consultation with outside legal counsel where deemed appropriate. the company regularly reviews contingencies and as new information becomes available may, in the future, adjust its associated liabilities.
for claims, litigation and proceedings and governmental investigations and inquiries not related to income taxes, the company records liabilities in the consolidated financial statements when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated and periodically adjusts these as appropriate. when the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range of amounts, the minimum amount of the range is accrued unless some higher amount within the range is a better estimate than another amount within the range. in instances when a loss is reasonably possible but uncertainties exist related to the probable outcome and/or the amount or range of loss, management does not record a liability but discloses the contingency if material. as additional information becomes available, the company adjusts its assessments and estimates of such matters accordingly. moody's also discloses material pending legal proceedings pursuant to sec rules and other pending matters as it may determine to be appropriate.
in view of the inherent difficulty of assessing the potential outcome of legal proceedings, governmental, regulatory and legislative investigations and inquiries, claims and litigation and similar matters and contingencies, particularly when the claimants seek large or indeterminate damages or assert novel legal theories or the matters involve a large number of parties, the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the pending matters will be or the timing of any resolution of such matters. the company also may be unable to predict the impact (if any) that any such matters may have on how its business is conducted, on its competitive position or on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. as the process to resolve any pending matters progresses, management will continue to review the latest information available and assess its ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on its operations and financial condition and to accrue for and disclose such matters as and when required. however, because such matters are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, the ultimate outcome of such matters, including the amount of any loss, may differ from those estimates.
accounts receivable allowances on january 1, 2020, the company adopted asu no. 2016-13, "financial instruments-credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments" as more fully described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. as the company's accounts receivable are short-term in nature, the adoption of this asu did not have a material impact to the company's allowance for bad debts or its policies and procedures for determining the allowance.
in order to determine an estimate of expected credit losses, receivables are segmented based on similar risk characteristics including historical credit loss patterns and industry or class of customers to calculate reserve rates. the company uses an aging method for developing its allowance for credit losses by which receivable balances are grouped based on aging category. a reserve rate is calculated for each aging category, which is generally based on historical information, and is adjusted, when necessary, for current conditions (e.g., macroeconomic or industry related) and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. the company also considers customer specific information (e.g., bankruptcy or financial difficulty) when estimating its expected credit losses, as well as the economic environment of the customers, both from an industry and geographic perspective, in evaluating the need for allowances. expected credit losses are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. actual uncollectible account write-offs are recorded against the allowance.
44     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents pension and other retirement benefits the expenses, assets and liabilities that moody's reports for its retirement plans are dependent on many assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. these significant assumptions include the following:
-long-term expected return on pension plan assets based on historical portfolio results and the expected future average annual return for each major asset class within the plan's portfolio (which is principally comprised of equity and fixed-income investments); and
the discount rates used to measure the present value of the company's benefit obligation for its retirement plans as of december 31, 2021 were derived using a cash flow matching method whereby the company compares each plan's projected payment obligations by year with the corresponding yield on the ftse pension discount curve. the cash flows by plan are then discounted back to present value to determine the discount rate applicable to each plan.
moody's major assumptions vary by plan and assumptions used are set forth in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. in determining these assumptions, the company consults with third-party actuaries and other advisors as deemed appropriate. while the company believes that the assumptions used in its calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could have a significant effect on the expenses, assets and liabilities related to the company's retirement plans. additionally, the company has updated its mortality assumption by adopting the newly released mortality improvement scale mp-2021 to accompany the pri2012 mortality tables to reflect the latest information regarding future mortality expectations by the society of actuaries.
when actual plan experience differs from the assumptions used, actuarial gains or losses arise. excluding differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual returns on plan assets, the company amortizes, as a component of annual pension expense, total outstanding actuarial gains or losses over the estimated average future working lifetime of active plan participants to the extent that the gain/loss exceeds 10% of the greater of the beginning-of-year projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. for moody's retirement plans, the total actuarial losses as of december 31, 2021 that have not been recognized in annual expense are $65 million, and moody's expects to recognize a net periodic expense of $4 million in 2022 related to the amortization of actuarial losses.
for moody's funded u.s. pension plan, the differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual returns could also affect the net periodic pension expense. as permitted under asc topic 715, the company amortizes the impact of asset returns over a five-year period for purposes of calculating the market-related value of assets that is used in determining the expected return on assets' component of annual expense and in calculating the total unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. as of december 31, 2021, the company has an unrecognized asset gain of $44 million, of which $13 million will be recognized in the market-related value of assets that is used to calculate the expected return on assets component of 2022 expense.
the table below shows the estimated effect that a one percentage-point decrease in each of these assumptions will have on moody's 2022 income before provision for income taxes. these effects have been calculated using the company's current projections of 2022 expenses, assets and liabilities related to moody's retirement plans, which could change as updated data becomes available.
leases the company's operating leases do not provide an implicit interest rate. accordingly, the company must estimate the secured incremental borrowing rate attributable to the currency in which the lease is denominated in the derivation of operating lease liabilities and related operating lease rou assets. this secured incremental borrowing rate is based on the information available at the lease commencement date and is utilized in the determination of the present value of lease payments.
table of contents in addition, certain of moody's leases have the option to extend the lease beyond the initial term or terminate the lease prior to the end of the term. for these leases, moody's may be required to exercise significant judgment to determine when that option is reasonably certain of being exercised, which will impact the lease term and determination of the lease liability and corresponding rou asset.
investments in non-consolidated affiliates equity method investments are reviewed for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. these investments are written down to fair value if there is evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary.
for equity investments without a readily determinable fair value for which the company does not have significant influence, moody's generally elects to measure these investments at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes as of the date that an observable transaction takes place.
the company performs an assessment on a quarterly basis to determine if there are indicators of impairment for its investments in non-consolidated affiliates. if there are indicators of impairment, the company estimates the investment's fair value and records an impairment if the carrying value of the investment exceeds its fair value.
in situations where estimation of fair value is required for investments in non-consolidated affiliates, the company considers various factors, including: recent observable investee equity transactions, comparable public company/precedent transaction multiples and discounted cash flow models. the estimation of fair value for these investments may involve significant judgment.
other estimates in addition to the critical accounting estimates described above, there are other accounting estimates within moody's consolidated financial statements. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in moody's consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in moody's consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on moody's consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
reportable segments the company is organized into two reportable segments at december 31, 2021: mis and ma, which are more fully described in the section entitled "the company" above and in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations this section of this form 10-k generally discusses year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 financial results and year-to-year comparisons between these years. discussions related to the year ended december 31, 2019 financial results and year-to-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2020  and 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
impact of acquisitions/divestitures on comparative results
-moody's completed the following acquisitions, which impact the company's year-over-year comparative results:
-refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" of this md&a for the definitions of how the company determines certain organic growth measures used in this md&a that exclude the impact of acquisition activity.
46     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents year ended december 31, 2021 compared with year ended december 31, 2020
year ended december 31, financial measure:                                        2021             2020        % change favorable / (unfavorable)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               insight and key drivers of change compared to prior year moody's total revenue                              $6,218           $5,371                               16             %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              - reflects strong growth in both segments mis external revenue                               $3,812           $3,292                               16             %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    - strong growth mainly driven by leveraged finance issuance as issuers refinanced existing debt and funded m&amp;a activity; and - increased clo and cmbs activity amid favorable market conditions ma external revenue                                $2,406           $2,079                               16             %         - strong growth in kyc and compliance solutions, as well as research and data feeds; - inorganic growth from acquisitions;- ongoing recurring revenue growth in ers from subscription-based sales to banking, insurance and asset management customers; and- favorable changes in fx translation rates; partially offset by:- a decline in ers transaction-based revenue reflecting ma's strategic shift to higher margin saas-based products, which produce recurring revenue total operating and sg&amp;a expenses              $3,117           $2,704                              (15            %)                                                                                                                                         - approximately seven percentage points of the growth reflects inorganic expenses from acquisitions, including $22 million in acquisition-related costs for rms; and- approximately five percentage points of the growth reflects higher incentive compensation, stock-based compensation, and commissions aligned with operating performance.
total non-operating (expense) income, net           $(89)           $(159)                               44             %                                                                                                                                                                                                           - a $45 million benefit related to the reversal of tax-related interest accruals pursuant to the resolution of uncertain tax positions; and- a $36 million non-cash gain relating to the exchange of the company's minority investment in visiblerisk for shares of bitsight operating margin                                     45.7    %        44.5    %                                    120bps                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   - margin expansion reflects strong revenue growth outpacing operating expense growth adjusted operating margin                            49.9    %        49.7    %                                     20bps etr                                                  19.6    %        20.3    %                                     70bps                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             - higher benefits of approximately $36 million from the resolution of utps in 2021; partially offset by- lower excess tax benefits in 2021
diluted eps                                        $11.78            $9.39                               25             %                                                                                                                                                                                                                       - increase reflects strong operating income/adjusted operating income growth as described above and includes $0.54/share and $0.20/share in benefits related to the resolution of uncertain tax positions (and related interest) in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
united states                                                     $3,416                          $2,955                              16        %
loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks                               -                               9                             100        %
(1)adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody's common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.
48     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents global revenue ⇑ $847 million             u.s. revenue ⇑ $461 million               non-u.s. revenue ⇑ $386 million the increase in global revenue reflected growth in both reportable segments. refer to the section entitled "segment results" of this md&a for a more fulsome discussion of the company's segment revenue.
- higher incentive and stock-based compensation accruals aligned with financial and operating performance;                                                                                      - higher incentive and stock-based compensation accruals aligned with financial and operating performance;
- inorganic growth from acquisitions; and                                                                                                                                                       - inorganic growth from acquisitions; and
- higher costs relating to strategic initiatives to support business growth coupled with enhancements to technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency; and         - higher costs relating to strategic initiatives to support business growth coupled with enhancements to technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency; and
- operational costs associated with recent acquisitions                                                                                                                                         - costs associated with recent acquisitions, including $22 million in rms acquisition-related costs other expenses the restructuring charge of $50 million in 2020 primarily relates to:
-severance costs associated with a strategic realignment in the ma segment.
the 2020 amount includes a $9 million loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks relating to customary post-closing completion adjustments pursuant to the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of 2019.
- approximately $40 million higher benefit in 2021 related to the reversal of tax-related interest accruals pursuant to the resolution of uncertain tax positions;                                                                                 - a $36 million non-cash gain relating to the exchange of the company's minority investment in visiblerisk for shares of bitsight; and
- a $15 million lower benefit from cross currency swaps (more fully discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements).                                                                                                                 - a $13 million benefit in 2020 relating to statute of limitations lapses on certain indemnification obligations relating to the maks divestiture; and
etr ⇓ 70bps the 2021 and 2020 etr include $70 million and $34 million, respectively, in tax benefits relating to the resolution of uncertain tax positions. the aforementioned benefit to the 2021 etr was diluted by higher income before provision for income taxes compared to the prior year. additionally, there was a $29 million decrease in excess tax benefits in 2021 compared to the prior year.
diluted eps in 2021 of $11.78 increased $2.39 compared to 2020, mainly due to higher operating income. diluted eps in 2021 and 2020 also include $0.54/share and $0.20/share, respectively, in benefits related to the aforementioned resolution of uncertain tax positions (and related interest).         adjusted diluted eps of $12.29 in 2021 increased $2.14 compared to 2020 (refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" of this md&amp;a for items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps) mainly due to higher adjusted operating income. adjusted diluted eps in 2021 and 2020 includes $0.54/share and $0.20/share, respectively, in benefits related to the aforementioned resolution of uncertain tax positions (and related interest). refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" of this md&amp;a for items excluded in the derivation of adjusted diluted eps.
financial institutions (fig)                                   602                             530                              14        %
(1) other includes: recurring monitoring fees of a rated debt obligation and/or entities that issue such obligations as well as fees from programs such as commercial paper, medium term notes, and icra corporate finance revenue.
- strong growth in bank loan and speculative-grade bond activity in the u.s. and emea as issuers refinanced existing debt in light of favorable market conditions and funded m&a activity;
the most notable driver of the increase was higher banking revenue in the u.s. and emea reflecting both the benefit of favorable changes in product mix and pricing increases coupled with opportunistic issuer activity in light of favorable market conditions.
-higher project and infrastructure finance revenue which benefitted from favorable changes in product mix and pricing increases;
-a decline in u.s. public finance revenue, as issuance volumes fell given higher issuer liquidity following strong issuance in the prior year and from the infusion of federal funding related to the covid-19 crisis.
-an increase in clo refinancing and securitization activity as a result of:
-favorable market conditions for this asset class in the u.s. and emea;
-higher issuance to complete deals prior to the expected market transition from libor
-an increase in u.s. cmbs activity reflecting a narrowing of credit spreads for this asset class compared to a challenging prior year period when securitization activity for retail and hotel properties was adversely impacted by the covid-19 crisis.
- higher incentive and stock-based compensation accruals aligned with financial and operating performance         - higher costs to support the company's initiative to enhance technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency as well as to support business growth;
- lower estimates for credit losses primarily reflecting an increase in reserves in 2020 resulting from the anticipated impact of the covid-19 crisis other expenses the restructuring charge in 2020 relates to the company's restructuring programs as more fully discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks                -                               9                             100        %
-strong renewals and new sales related to credit research and data feeds; and
-inorganic revenue growth from acquisitions.
-inorganic revenue growth from the acquisitions of rms and zmfs;
- salary increases and inorganic expense growth from acquisitions;                                    - accelerated spending relating to strategic initiatives to support business growth coupled with enhancements to technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency; and
- higher incentive compensation accruals aligned with financial and operating performance; and
- unfavorable changes in fx translation rates                                                         - costs associated with recent acquisitions, including $22 million in rms acquisition-related costs other expenses the restructuring charge in 2020 relates to the company's restructuring programs as more fully discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the $9 million loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks in 2020 is related to a customary post-closing completion adjustment pursuant to the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of 2019.
moody's maintains a presence in more than 40 countries. in 2021, approximately 42% of the company's revenue and approximately 38% of the company expenses were denominated in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally in the british pound and the euro. as such, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in fx rates. as of december 31, 2021, approximately 52% of moody's assets were located outside the u.s., making the company susceptible to fluctuations in fx rates. the effects of translating assets and liabilities of non-u.s. operations with non-u.s. functional currencies to the u.s. dollar are charged or credited to oci.
the effects of revaluing assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary's functional currency are charged to other non-operating income (expense), net in the company's consolidated statements of operations. accordingly, the company enters into foreign exchange forwards to partially mitigate the change in fair value on certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary's functional currency. the following table shows the impact to the fair value of the forward contracts if currencies being purchased were to weaken by 10%:
foreign currency forwards (1)                                      impact on fair value of contract sell                                   buy u.s. dollar                            british pound                 $12 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            canadian dollar               $11 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            euro                          $36 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            japanese yen                   $2 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            singapore dollar               $6 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            indian rupee                   $1 million unfavorable impact u.s. dollar                            russian ruble                  $1 million unfavorable impact british pound                          u.s. dollar                   $21 million unfavorable impact
(1)refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further detail on the forward contracts.
the change in fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts would be offset by fx revaluation gains or losses on underlying assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary's functional currency.
-cross-currency swaps to exchange an aggregate amount of €909 million with corresponding euro fixed interest rates for an aggregate amount of $1,050 million with corresponding usd fixed interest rates.
-cross-currency swaps to exchange an aggregate amount of €1,179 million with corresponding interest based on the floating 3-month euribor for an aggregate amount of $1,350 million with corresponding interest based on the floating 3-month u.s. libor.
euro-denominated debt as of december 31, 2021, the company has designated €500 million of the 2015 senior notes and €750 million of the 2019 senior notes as a net investment hedge to mitigate fx exposure relating to euro denominated net investments in subsidiaries. if the euro were to strengthen 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $142 million unfavorable adjustment to oci related to these net investment hedges. this adjustment would be offset by favorable translation adjustments on the company's euro net investment in subsidiaries.
60     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents interest rate and credit risk:
the company's interest rate risk management objectives are to reduce the funding cost and volatility to the company and to alter the interest rate exposure to a desired risk profile. moody's uses interest rate swaps as deemed necessary to assist in accomplishing these objectives. the company is exposed to interest rate risk on its various outstanding fixed-rate debt for which the fair value of the outstanding fixed rate debt fluctuates based on changes in interest rates. the company has entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed interest rate on certain of its long-term debt to a floating interest rate based on the 3-month and 6-month libor. these swaps are adjusted to fair market value based on prevailing interest rates at the end of each reporting period and fluctuations are recorded as a reduction or addition to the carrying value of the borrowing, while net interest payments are recorded as interest expense/income in the company's consolidated statement of operations. a hypothetical change of 100 bps in the libor-based swap rate would result in an approximate $69 million change to the fair value of the swap, which would be offset by the change in fair value of the hedged item.
additional information on these interest rate swaps is disclosed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10-k.
moody's cash equivalents consist of investments in high-quality investment-grade securities within and outside the u.s. with maturities of three months or less when purchased. the company manages its credit risk exposure by allocating its cash equivalents among various money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit and by limiting the amount it can invest with any single issuer. short-term investments primarily consist of certificates of deposit.
liquidity and capital resources moody's remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by both investing in the company's employees and growing the business through targeted organic initiatives and inorganic acquisitions aligned with strategic priorities. additional excess capital is returned to the company's shareholders via a combination of dividends and share repurchases.
cash flow the company is currently financing its operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases from operating and financing cash flows.
net cash provided by operating activities       $2,005                            $2,146             $(141)
net cash used in investing activities           $(2,619)                          $(1,077)           $(1,542)
net cash used in financing activities           $(122)                            $(351)             $229
(1)free cash flow is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as net cash provided by operating activities minus cash paid for capital expenditures. refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" of this md&a for further information on this financial measure.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash flows from operating activities decreased $141 million compared to the prior year reflecting:
-various changes in working capital, most notably from higher accounts receivable balances at december 31, 2021 resulting from the company's strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2021;
-an increase in net income compared to the same period in the prior year reflecting the company's strong performance in 2021 (see section entitled "results of operations" for further discussion);
-a $68 million payment made in conjunction with the settlement of a treasury lock interest rate forward contract in 2020 that did not recur in 2021.
net cash used in investing activities the $1,542 million increase in cash flows used in investing activities compared to 2020 primarily reflects:
-an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of $1,282 million (refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the company's m&a activity); and moody's 2021 10-k     61
-$250 million of cash paid for a minority investment in bitsight (refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the company's investments in non-consolidated affiliates).
net cash used in financing activities the $229 million decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributed to:
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments the company's aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.9 billion at december 31, 2021 included approximately $1.5 billion located outside of the u.s. approximately 26% of the company's aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments is denominated in euros and british pounds. the company manages both its u.s. and non-u.s. cash flow to maintain sufficient liquidity in all regions to effectively meet its operating needs.
as a result of the tax act, all previously net undistributed foreign earnings have now been subject to u.s. tax. the company continues to evaluate which entities it will indefinitely reinvest earnings outside the u.s. the company has provided deferred taxes for those entities whose earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, the company has commenced repatriating a portion of its non-u.s. cash in these subsidiaries and will continue to repatriate certain of its offshore cash in a manner that addresses compliance with local statutory requirements, sufficient offshore working capital and any other factors that may be relevant in certain jurisdictions. notwithstanding the tax act, which generally eliminated federal income tax on future cash repatriation to the u.s., cash repatriation may be subject to state and local taxes or withholding or similar taxes.
financing arrangements indebtedness at december 31, 2021, moody's had $7.4 billion of outstanding debt and approximately $1 billion of additional capacity available under the company's cp program, which is backstopped by the $1.25 billion 2021 facility.
future interest payments and fees associated with the company's debt and credit facility are expected to be $3.3 billion, of which approximately $212 million is expected to be paid over the next twelve months. for additional information on the company's outstanding debt, cp program and 2021 facility, refer to note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
management may consider pursuing additional long-term financing when it is appropriate in light of cash requirements for operations, share repurchases and other strategic opportunities, which would result in higher financing costs.
purchase obligations purchase obligations generally include multi-year agreements with vendors to purchase goods or services and mainly include data center/cloud hosting fees and fees for information technology licensing and maintenance. as of december 31, 2021, these purchase obligations totaled $233 million, of which $133 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months.
pension and other retirement plan obligations the company does not anticipate making significant contributions to its funded pension plan in the next twelve months. this plan is overfunded at december 31, 2021, and accordingly holds sufficient investments to fund future benefit obligations. payments for the company's unfunded plans are not expected to be material in either the short or long-term. for further information on the company's pension and other retirement plan obligations, refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
on december 16, 2019, the board authorized $1 billion in share repurchase authority and on february 9, 2021, the board approved an additional $1 billion in share repurchase authority. at december 31, 2021, the company had approximately $1,081 million of remaining authority. additionally, on february 7, 2022, the board of directors approved an additional $750 million of share repurchase authority. there is no established expiration date for the remaining authorizations.
sources of funding to satisfy material cash requirements the company believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow in 2022. cash requirements for periods beyond the next twelve months will depend, among other things, on the company's profitability and its ability to manage working capital requirements. the company may also borrow from various sources as described above.
in addition to its reported results, moody's has included in this md&a certain adjusted results that the sec defines as "non-gaap financial measures." management believes that such adjusted financial measures, when read in conjunction with the company's reported results, can provide useful supplemental information for investors analyzing period-to-period comparisons of the company's performance, facilitate comparisons to competitors' operating results and provide greater transparency to investors of supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. these adjusted measures, as defined by the company, are not necessarily comparable to similarly defined measures of other companies. furthermore, these adjusted measures should not be viewed in isolation or used as a substitute for other gaap measures in assessing the operating performance or cash flows of the company. below are brief descriptions of the company's adjusted financial measures accompanied by a reconciliation of the adjusted measure to its most directly comparable gaap measure.
the company presents adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin because management deems these metrics to be useful measures to provide additional perspective on moody's operating performance. adjusted operating income excludes the impact of: i) depreciation and amortization; ii) restructuring charges/adjustments; and iii) a loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks. depreciation and amortization are excluded because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of acquiring and depreciating productive assets. restructuring charges are excluded as the frequency and magnitude of these charges may vary widely across periods and companies. the loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks is excluded as the frequency and magnitude of divestiture activity may vary widely from period to period and across companies.
management believes that the exclusion of the aforementioned items, as detailed in the reconciliation below, allows for an additional perspective on the company's operating results from period to period and across companies. the company defines adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating income divided by revenue.
loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks                -                               9
the company presents adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps because management deems these metrics to be useful measures to provide additional perspective on moody's operating performance. adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps exclude the impact of: i) amortization of acquired intangible assets; ii) restructuring charges/adjustments; iii) a non-cash gain relating to the company's minority investment in bitsight; and iv) a loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks.
the company excludes the impact of amortization of acquired intangible assets as companies utilize intangible assets with different ages and have different methods of acquiring and amortizing intangible assets. these intangible assets were recorded as part of acquisition accounting and contribute to revenue generation. the amortization of intangible assets related to acquisitions will recur in future periods until such intangible assets have been fully amortized. furthermore, the timing and magnitude of business combination transactions are not predictable and the purchase price allocated to amortizable intangible assets and the related amortization period are unique to each acquisition and can vary significantly from period to period and across companies. restructuring charges, the non-cash gain relating to the company's minority interest in bitsight and the loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks are excluded as the frequency and magnitude of these items may vary widely across periods and companies.
the company excludes the aforementioned items to provide additional perspective when comparing net income and diluted eps from period to period and across companies as the frequency and magnitude of similar transactions may vary widely across periods.
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses         $158                                                     $124
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses          (36)                                                     (28)
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                             122                                                    96
pre-tax gain relating to minority investment in bitsight             $(36)                                                      $-
tax on gain relating to minority investment in bitsight              9                                                           -
net gain relating to minority investment in bitsight                                                (27)                                                     -
loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks                                                               -                                                     9
below is a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap amount:
pre-tax acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                  $0.84                                                       $0.66
tax on acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                   (0.19)                                                     (0.15)
net acquisition-related intangible amortization expenses                                                       0.65                                                    0.51
pre-tax gain relating to minority investment in bitsight                      $(0.19)                                                        $-
tax on gain relating to minority investment in bitsight                       0.05                                                            -
net gain relating to minority investment in bitsight                                                         (0.14)                                                       -
loss pursuant to the divestiture of maks                                                                          -                                                    0.05
note: the tax impacts in the table above were calculated using tax rates in effect in the jurisdiction for which the item relates.
the company defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities minus payments for capital additions. management believes that free cash flow is a useful metric in assessing the company's cash flows to service debt, pay dividends and to fund acquisitions and share repurchases. management deems capital expenditures essential to the company's product and service innovations and maintenance of moody's operational capabilities. accordingly, capital expenditures are deemed to be a recurring use of moody's cash flow. below is a reconciliation of the company's net cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow:
net cash provided by operating activities            $2,005                            $2,146
capital additions                                     (139)                             (103)
net cash used in investing activities              $(2,619)                          $(1,077)
net cash used in financing activities                $(122)                            $(351)
the company presents the organic revenue and organic revenue growth (including organic recurring revenue and organic recurring revenue growth for the ma segment) because management deems these metrics to be useful measures which provide additional perspective in assessing the revenue growth excluding the inorganic revenue impacts from certain acquisition activity. the following table details the periods excluded from each acquisition to determine organic revenue.
acquisition                acquisition date           period excluded to determine organic revenue growth regulatory datacorp        february 13, 2020          january 1, 2021 - february 12, 2021
below is a reconciliation of ma's reported revenue and growth rates to its organic revenue and organic growth rates:
inorganic revenue from acquisitions                                (136)                           -                     (136)
inorganic revenue from acquisitions                                 (46)                           -                      (46)
inorganic revenue from acquisitions                                 (90)                           -                      (90)
inorganic recurring revenue from acquisitions                       (84)                           -                      (84)
inorganic transaction revenue from acquisitions                      (6)                           -                       (6)
inorganic recurring revenue from acquisitions                      (130)                           -                     (130)
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements located in part ii, item 8 on this form 10-k for a discussion on the impact to the company relating to recently issued accounting pronouncements.
contingencies legal proceedings in which the company is involved also may impact moody's liquidity or operating results. no assurance can be provided as to the outcome of such proceedings. in addition, litigation inherently involves significant costs. for information regarding legal proceedings, see part ii, item 8 - "financial statements", note 21 "contingencies" in this form 10-k.
forward-looking statements certain statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking statements and are based on future expectations, plans and prospects for the business and operations of the company that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. such statements involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. those statements appear at various places throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including in the sections entitled "contingencies" under item 7, "md&a", commencing on page 41 of this annual report on form 10-k, under "legal proceedings" in part i, item 3, of this form 10-k, and elsewhere in the context of statements containing the words "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "intend", "plan", "will", "predict", "potential", "continue", "strategy", "aspire", "target", "forecast", "project", "estimate", "should", "could", "may" and similar expressions or words and variations thereof relating to the company's views on future events, trends and contingencies or otherwise convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes generally indicative of forward-looking statements. stockholders and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements and other information are made as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and the company undertakes no obligation (nor does it intend) to publicly supplement, update or revise such statements on a going-forward basis, whether as a result of subsequent developments, changed expectations or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation. in connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, the company is identifying examples of factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements.
those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to the impact of covid-19 on volatility in the u.s. and world financial markets, on general economic conditions and gdp in the u.s. and worldwide, and on moody's own operations and personnel; future worldwide credit market disruptions or economic slowdowns, which could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets; other matters that could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, including regulation, credit quality concerns, changes in interest rates, inflation and other volatility in the financial markets such as that due to brexit and uncertainty as companies transition away from libor; the level of merger and acquisition activity in the u.s. and abroad; the uncertain effectiveness and possible collateral consequences of u.s. and foreign government actions affecting credit markets, international trade and economic policy, including those related to tariffs, tax agreements and trade barriers; concerns in the marketplace affecting our credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the integrity or utility of independent credit agency ratings; the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers; the level of success of new product development and global expansion; the impact of regulation as an nrsro, the potential for new u.s., state and local legislation and regulations; the potential for increased competition and regulation in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions; exposure to litigation related to our rating opinions, as well as any other litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries to which moody's may be subject from time to time; provisions in u.s. legislation modifying the pleading standards and eu regulations modifying the liability standards, applicable to credit rating agencies in a manner adverse to credit rating agencies; provisions of eu regulations imposing additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services and the expansion of supervisory remit to include non-eu ratings used for regulatory purposes; the possible loss of key employees; failures or malfunctions of our operations and infrastructure; any vulnerabilities to cyber threats or other cybersecurity concerns; the outcome of any review by controlling tax authorities of moody's global tax planning initiatives; exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil remedies if moody's fails to comply with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable in the jurisdictions in which moody's operates, including data protection and privacy laws, sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; the impact of mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations and the ability of moody's to successfully integrate acquired businesses; currency and foreign exchange volatility; the level of future cash flows; the levels of capital investments; and a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions. other factors, risks and uncertainties relating to our acquisition of rms could cause our actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, including risks relating to the integration of rms's operations, products and employees into moody's and the possibility that anticipated
66     moody's 2021 10-k table of contents synergies and other benefits of the acquisition will not be realized in the amounts anticipated or will not be realized within the expected timeframe; risks that the acquisition could have an adverse effect on the business of rms or its prospects, including, without limitation, on relationships with vendors, suppliers or customers; claims made, from time to time, by vendors, suppliers or customers; changes in the u.s., europe (primarily the u.k.), japan, india or global marketplaces that have an adverse effect on the business of rms. these factors, risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause moody's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements are currently, or in the future could be, amplified by the covid-19 outbreak, and are described in greater detail under "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of moody's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, and in other filings made by moody's from time to time with the sec or in materials incorporated herein or therein. stockholders and investors are cautioned that the occurrence of any of these factors, risks and uncertainties may cause moody's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, which could have a material and adverse effect on moody's business, results of operations and financial condition. new factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for moody's to predict new factors, nor can moody's assess the potential effect of any new factors on it. forward-looking and other statements in this document may also address our corporate responsibility progress, plans, and goals (including sustainability and environmental matters), and the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in the company's filings with the securities and exchange commission. in addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future.