item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of the operations of msci inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries for the year ended december 31, 2021. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. as a result of changes to the presentation of our reportable segments effective january 1, 2021, we have included herein certain discussions summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of msci for the year ended december 31, 2020. the remaining discussions may be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 (the "2020 annual report"), which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 12, 2021.
overview we are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. our mission-critical offerings help investors address the challenges of a transforming investment landscape and power better investment decisions. leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. we operate in four reportable segments as follows: index, analytics, esg and climate, and all other - private assets.
our growth strategy includes: (a) extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, (b) leading the enablement of esg and climate investment integration, (c) enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, (d) expanding solutions that empower client customization, (e) strengthening client relationships and growing into strategic partnerships with clients and (f) executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. for more information about our company's operations, see "item 1: business".
key financial and operating metrics and drivers in evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including results accounted for under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") as well as non-gaap measures, for the company as a whole and by operating segment.
we present revenues disaggregated by types and by segments, which represent our major product lines. we also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. in addition, we utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales and retention rate to manage and assess performance and to provide deeper insights into the recurring portion of our business.
in the discussion that follows, we provide certain variances excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and acquisitions. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations reflect the difference between the current period results as reported compared to the current period results recalculated using the foreign currency exchange rates in effect for the comparable prior period. while operating revenues adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations includes asset-based fees that have been adjusted for the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the underlying aum, which is the primary component of asset-based fees, is not adjusted for foreign currency fluctuations. approximately three-fifths of the aum is invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, and accordingly, any such impact is excluded from the disclosed foreign currency-adjusted variances.
operating expenses we group our operating expenses into the following activity categories:
costs are assigned to these activity categories based on the nature of the expense or, when not directly attributable, an estimated allocation based on the type of effort involved. cost of revenues, selling and marketing, r&d and g&a all include both compensation as well as non-compensation related expenses cost of revenues cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, cloud service, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses consist of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients and primarily includes the costs of our sales and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other departments associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology and sales operations.
research and development r&d expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or enhanced technologies and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support directly associated with these activities.
general and administrative g&a expenses consist of costs primarily related to finance operations, human resources, office of the ceo, legal, corporate technology, corporate development, impairment charges associated with right of use assets and certain other administrative costs that are not directly attributed, but are instead allocated, to a product or service.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets expense relates to definite-lived intangible assets arising from past acquisitions and capitalization of internally developed software projects. intangibles arising from past acquisitions consist of customer relationships, proprietary data, trademarks and trade names and technology and software. we amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. we have no indefinite-lived intangible assets.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements consists of expenses related to depreciating or amortizing the cost of computer and related equipment, leasehold improvements, software and furniture and fixtures over the estimated useful life of the assets.
other expense (income), net other expense (income), net consists primarily of interest we pay on our outstanding indebtedness, including losses on early extinguishment of debt, income and losses associated with our equity method investment, foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses, interest we collect on cash and short-term investments, as well as other non-operating income and expense items that may arise from time to time.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted ebitda
"adjusted ebitda," a non-gaap measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as net income before (1) provision for income taxes, (2) other expense (income), net, (3) depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, (4) amortization of intangible assets and, at times, (5) certain other transactions or adjustments, including impairment related to sublease of leased property, certain non-recurring acquisition-related integration and transaction costs and the impact related to the vesting of multi-year restricted stock units granted in 2016 to certain senior executives that are subject to the achievement of multi-year total shareholder return targets, which are performance targets with a market condition (the "2016 multi-year psus").
"adjusted ebitda expenses," a non-gaap measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as operating expenses less depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements and amortization of intangible assets and, at times, certain other transactions or adjustments, including impairment related to sublease of leased property, certain non-recurring acquisition-related integration and transaction costs and the impact related to the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus.
adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses are believed to be meaningful measures for management to assess the operating performance of the company because they adjust for significant one-time, unusual or non-recurring items as well as eliminate the accounting effects of certain capital spending and acquisitions that do not directly affect what management considers to be the company's ongoing operating performance in the period. all companies do not calculate adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses in the same way. these measures can differ significantly from company to company depending on, among other things, long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. accordingly, the company's computation of the adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures computed by other companies.
run rate run rate is a key operating metric and is important because an increase or decrease in our run rate ultimately impacts our future operating revenues over time. at the end of any period, we generally have subscription and investment product license agreements in place for a large portion of total revenues for the following 12 months. we measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." see "-operating metrics-run rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
subscription sales subscription sales is a key operating metric and is important to management because new subscription sales increase our run rate and represent future operating revenues that will be recognized over time. see "-operating metrics- sales" below for additional information.
retention rate retention rate is a key operating metric and is important to management because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. see "-operating metrics-retention rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. these accounting principles require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. significant estimates and judgments made by management include such examples as assessment of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and income taxes. we believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected.
goodwill goodwill is recorded as a result of business combinations undertaken by the company when the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net tangible assets and separately identifiable intangible assets acquired. the company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis on july 1st and on an interim basis when certain events and circumstances exist. the test for impairment is performed at the reporting unit level. in testing goodwill for impairment, the company used the income approach to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.  estimating discounted future cash flows requires significant management judgment including in estimating forecasted future cash flows and determining both discount rates and terminal growth rates.  forecasted future cash flows are estimated based on a combination of historical experience and assumptions regarding future growth and profitability of each reporting unit.  discount rates are selected based on discount rates of similar public companies to the reporting unit being valued and terminal growth rates are selected based on consideration of growth rates used during the reporting unit's forecast period in combination with economic conditions.  these assumptions require management's judgment and changes to these estimates or assumptions could materially affect the determination of the reporting unit's fair value. any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and its fair value. based on our quantitative assessment as of july 1, 2021, we determined that the estimated fair value of the company's reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values, so no impairment of goodwill was recorded.
definite lived intangible assets definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.  these events or circumstances include adverse changes in the manner in which the asset will be used, adverse changes in legal factors related to the asset or negative changes in expected financial performance of the asset, including accumulation of costs and operating losses.  determining whether an event or changes in circumstances warrant an impairment review involves management judgment.
once it is determined that an impairment review is necessary, determination of recoverability is determined based on comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows.  if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the asset grouping is considered to be impaired. measurement of impairment for intangible assets is based on the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, which is based on estimated discounted future cash flows. estimated undiscounted and discounted cash flows used in the determination and calculation of impairments represent management forecasts and require significant management judgment. while management believes that its forecasts are reasonable, differences between forecasts and actual experience could materially affect the valuations.  there were no events or changes in
circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable during the years presented.
with respect to our acquisition of rca on september 13, 2021, the initial valuation of intangible assets, as part of the acquisition method of accounting, is subjective and based, in part, on inputs that are unobservable. the significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the acquired intangible assets included, forecasted cash flows which were determined based on certain assumptions which included, among others, projected future revenues, and expected market royalty rate, technology obsolescence rates and discount rates. these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made.
the company amortizes its intangible assets over the estimated period of economic benefit.  if the estimated period of economic benefit is changed, the prospective amortization of the intangible asset could materially change.
provision for income taxes is provided for using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates.  deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in our opinion, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management is required to estimate future taxable income which requires judgment.
the company must regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which it files income tax returns and adjust unrecognized tax benefits when additional information is available or when an event occurs.  this assessment requires significant judgment in assessment of tax laws, frequency of tax examinations, and the nature of intercompany transactions and tax positions.
factors affecting the comparability of results acquisition of rca on september 13, 2021, msci completed the acquisition of rca for an aggregate cash purchase price of $949.0 million, subject to working capital adjustments. see note 5, "acquisitions," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on the acquisition of rca.
results of operations operating revenues our operating revenues are grouped by the following types: recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring. we also group operating revenues by major product or reportable segment as follows: index, analytics, esg and climate and all other - private assets, which includes the real estate product line and our equity method investment in burgiss.
total operating revenues increased 20.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, total operating revenues would have increased 18.7%.
operating revenues from recurring subscriptions increased 14.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by strong growth in index products, which increased $70.2 million, or 12.1%, strong growth in esg and climate products, which increased $52.7 million, or 47.9%, strong growth in all other - private assets products, which increased $28.1 million, or 54.5%, and growth in analytics products, which increased $26.9 million, or 5.3%. adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, operating revenues from recurring subscriptions would have increased 11.8%.
operating revenues from asset-based fees increased 38.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by growth in operating revenues from all index-linked investment product categories. operating revenues from etfs linked to msci equity indexes increased by 41.9%, primarily driven by an increase in average aum, partially offset by a decrease in average basis point fees. the increase in asset-based fees operating revenues was also driven by revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes which increased by 39.4%, primarily driven by an increase in average aum.
operating revenues from asset-based fees increased 10.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in asset-based fees was driven by growth in revenues from all of our indexed investment product categories, including an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes that were primarily driven by price increases. the increase in operating revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes, which was driven by price increases and an increase in average aum. revenues from etfs linked to msci indexes also increased, driven by an 8.9% increase in average aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, partially offset by lower fees resulting from the impact of a change in product mix. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on operating revenues from asset-based fees was negligible.
the following table presents the value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes and the sequential change of such assets as of the end of each of the periods indicated:
(in billions)                                          march 31,               june 30,            september 30,            december 31,           march 31,            june 30,           september 30,             december 31, aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes(1), (2)      $709.5                    $825.4                   $908.9                $1,103.6            $1,209.6            $1,336.2                $1,336.6                 $1,451.6
the following table presents the average value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes for the periods indicated:
march             june              september           december            march               june                september           december aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes(1), (2)      $877.1            $827.0            $849.1              $886.7              $1,169.2            $1,230.8            $1,274.5            $1,309.6
(1)   the historical values of the aum in etfs linked to our equity indexes as of the last day of the month and the monthly average balance can be found under the link "aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes" on our investor relations homepage at http://ir.msci.com. this information is updated mid-month each month. information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k or any other report filed with the sec. the aum in etfs also includes aum in exchange traded notes, the value of which is less than 1.0% of the aum amounts presented.
(2)   the value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes is calculated by multiplying the equity etf net asset value by the number of shares outstanding.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the average value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes was up $422.9 billion, or 47.7%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.
refer to the section titled "segment results" that follows for further discussion of segment revenues.
the following table presents operating expenses by activity category for the years indicated:
cost of revenues cost of revenues increased 23.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting increases across all segments. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries and incentive compensation and benefits costs, as well as higher non-compensation costs, primarily reflecting higher professional fees, information technology costs and market data costs.
cost of revenues decreased 1.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by the absence of $7.0 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by increases in other compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries, as well as higher non-compensation costs, reflecting higher information technology costs, partially offset by lower travel and entertainment costs. cost of revenues reflects increases across the esg and climate and index reportable segments, partially offset by decreases in the analytics and all other - private assets reportable segments.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses increased 12.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting increases across all segments. the change was primarily driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, including higher incentive compensation, wages and salaries and benefits costs, partially offset by a decline in severance costs.
selling and marketing expenses decreased 1.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by lower non-compensation costs, including travel and entertainment costs, and the absence of $4.5 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries. selling and marketing expenses reflect increases across the esg and climate, analytics and all other - private assets reportable segments, partially offset by a decrease in the index reportable segment.
research and development r&d expenses increased 10.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily reflecting higher investment in the index and esg and climate reportable segments, partially offset by lower investment in the analytics reportable segment. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher incentive compensation, as well as higher non-compensation costs, reflecting higher information technology costs.
r&d expenses increased 2.8% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, including wages and salaries and benefits costs. r&d expenses reflect higher investments in the all other - private assets, index and esg and climate reportable segments, partially offset by lower investment in the analytics reportable segment.
general and administrative g&a expenses increased 29.0% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting increases across all segments. the change was driven by increases in non-compensation costs, primarily relating to impairment charges associated with right of use assets, non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of rca and higher information technology costs and professional fees. the change was also driven by higher compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries and incentive compensation.
g&a expenses increased 4.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the change was driven by increases in compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher incentive compensation and wages and salaries, partially offset by the absence of $3.5 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019 and lower non-compensation costs. g&a expenses reflect increases across the esg and climate, analytics and index reportable segments, partially offset by a decrease in the all other - private assets reportable segment.
the following table presents operating expenses using compensation and non-compensation categories, rather than using activity categories, for the years indicated:
compensation and benefits                                                $614,950                   $527,641                   $518,730                      16.5    %                   1.7    %
a significant portion of the incentive compensation component of operating expenses is based on the achievement of a number of financial and operating metrics. in a scenario where operating revenue growth and profitability moderate, incentive compensation would be expected to decrease accordingly.
fixed costs constitute a significant portion of the non-compensation component of operating expenses. the discretionary non-compensation component of operating expenses could, however, be reduced in the near-term in a scenario where operating revenue growth moderates.
we had 4,303 employees as of december 31, 2021, compared to 3,633 employees as of december 31, 2020, reflecting a 18.4% growth in the number of employees. continued growth of our emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits costs. as of december 31, 2021, 63.2% of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 64.6% as of december 31, 2020.
compensation and benefits costs increased 16.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by headcount growth and higher incentive compensation.
non-compensation expenses increased 25.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by higher information technology costs, professional fees, impairment charges associated with right of use assets, non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of rca and market data costs.
we had 3,633 employees as of december 31, 2020 compared to 3,396 employees as of december 31, 2019, reflecting a 7.0% growth in the number of employees. continued growth of our emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits costs. as of december 31, 2020, 64.6% of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 62.9% as of december 31, 2019.
compensation and benefits costs increased 1.7% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, driven by higher wages and salaries, incentive compensation and benefits costs, partially offset by the absence of $15.4 million of payroll tax expense associated with the vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets expense increased 41.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by a write-off of $16.0 million of certain internally developed capitalized software intangible assets following management's decision to discontinue development and cease related sales activities of certain analytics segment products and transition existing customers to other product offerings, as well as additional amortization recognized on acquired intangible assets following the acquisition of rca.
amortization of intangible assets expense increased 15.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by higher amortization of internally-developed capitalized software.
other expense (income), net increased 8.1% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in net expenses was primarily driven by the approximately $37.3 million loss on debt extinguishment associated with the redemption of all of the $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 senior notes (the "2027 senior notes redemption") and $21.8 million expense from the redemption of all of the $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 senior notes (the "2026 senior notes redemption") during the year ended december 31, 2021.
the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2027 senior notes redemption included an applicable premium of approximately $33.6 million (as set forth in the indenture governing the terms of the 2027 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $3.7 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2027 senior notes. the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2026 senior notes redemption included an applicable premium of approximately $18.2 million (as set forth in the indenture governing the terms of the 2026 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $3.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2026 senior notes.
the increase in net expenses was partially offset by the absence of the $35.0 million and $10.0 million loss on debt extinguishment associated with the redemption of all of the outstanding $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 senior notes and the redemption of all of the remaining $300.0 million of the 5.250% senior notes due 2024 during the year ended december 31, 2020, respectively, and by a one-time gain of $7.0 million related to the gain resulting from changes in our ownership interest of burgiss.
other expense (income), net increased 30.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net expenses was primarily driven by the $35.0 million and $10.0 million loss on debt extinguishment associated with the redemption of all of the outstanding $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 senior notes ("2025 senior notes redemption") and the redemption of all of the remaining $300.0 million of the 2024 senior notes ("2024 senior notes redemption"), respectively.
the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2025 senior notes redemption included an applicable premium of approximately $29.5 million (as defined in the indenture governing the terms of the 2025 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $5.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. the loss on debt extinguishment associated with the 2024 senior notes redemption included a redemption price of approximately $7.9 million (as set forth in the indenture governing the terms of the 2024 senior notes) and the write-off of approximately $2.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in addition, the increase in net expenses reflects higher interest expense associated with the higher outstanding debt and lower interest income due to lower rates earned on cash balances, offset by the absence of the $16.8 million loss on extinguishment associated with the partial pre-maturity redemption of the 2024 senior notes recognized during the year ended december 31, 2019.
the effective tax rate of 15.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021, reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items totaling $28.3 million, in relation to pretax income, primarily related to $22.7 million of excess tax benefits recognized on share-based compensation vested during the period, a $5.1 million benefit related to prior year settlements, a $2.3 million benefit related to the revaluation of deferred taxes as a result of the enactment of an increase in the uk corporate tax rate and a $2.0 million benefit related to the filing of prior year refund claims, partially offset by a $3.8 million expense related to other prior year items. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by the level of earnings.
the effective tax rate of 12.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020, reflects the impact of certain discrete items totaling $47.9 million. these discrete items primarily relate to $22.2 million of excess tax benefits recognized on the vesting of equity awards during the period and $20.8 million released during the year related to the favorable impact on prior years from final regulations clarifying certain provisions of the tax cuts and jobs act that was enacted on december 22, 2017 ("tax reform"). also included in the discrete items is a $6.3 million benefit related to the revaluation of the cost of deemed repatriation of foreign earnings.
the effective tax rate of 6.6% for the year ended december 31, 2019, reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items totaling $85.7 million. these discrete items primarily relate to $66.6 million of excess tax benefits recognized upon vesting of the 2016 multi-year psus and $16.1 million of excess tax benefits on other share-based compensation recognized during the period. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by a beneficial geographic mix of earnings.
adjusted ebitda the following table presents the calculation of the non-gaap adjusted ebitda measure for the years indicated:
adjusted ebitda expenses                846,754                    723,880                    707,297                  17.0   %                   2.3   %
adjusted ebitda                      $1,196,790                   $971,510                   $850,499                  23.2   %                  14.2   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   58.6   %                   57.3   %                   54.6   %
the increase in adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin reflects a higher rate of growth in operating revenues as compared to the rate of growth of adjusted ebitda expenses, driven by the factors previously described.
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income and adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income for the years indicated:
index adjusted ebitda                                                    $951,312                     $766,493                   $670,188                      24.1    %                  14.4    %
analytics adjusted ebitda                                                           198,799                    172,924                    152,113              15.0    %                  13.7    %
esg and climate adjusted ebitda                                                      29,748                     22,851                     21,813              30.2    %                   4.8    %
all other - private assets adjusted ebitda                                           16,931                      9,242                      6,385              83.2    %                  44.7    %
consolidated adjusted ebitda                                                      1,196,790                    971,510                    850,499              23.2    %                  14.2    %
improvements impairment related to sublease of leased property                                     7,702                          -                          -               n/a                        n/a acquisition-related integration and                                                   6,870                          -                          -               n/a                        n/a transaction costs (1)
(1)   incremental and non-recurring costs attributable to acquisitions directly related to the execution of the transaction and integration of the acquired business that have occurred no later than 12 months after the close of the transaction.
the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses for the years indicated:
index adjusted ebitda expenses                                           $300,452                   $250,002                   $250,749                      20.2    %                  (0.3   %)
analytics adjusted ebitda expenses                                                345,500                    340,884                    344,812               1.4    %                  (1.1   %)
esg and climate adjusted ebitda expenses                                          136,444                     88,513                     68,846              54.2    %                  28.6    %
all other - private assets adjusted ebitda expenses                                64,358                     44,481                     42,890              44.7    %                   3.7    %
consolidated adjusted ebitda expenses                                             846,754                    723,880                    707,297              17.0    %                   2.3    %
improvements impairment related to sublease of leased property                                   7,702                          -                          -               n/a                        n/a acquisition-related integration and                                                 6,870                          -                          -               n/a                        n/a transaction costs (1)
(1)   incremental and non-recurring costs attributable to acquisitions directly related to the execution of the transaction and integration of the acquired business that have occurred no later than 12 months after the close of the transaction.
adjusted ebitda expenses                  300,452                      250,002                    250,749                  20.2   %                  (0.3   %)
adjusted ebitda                          $951,312                     $766,493                   $670,188                  24.1   %                  14.4   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                     76.0   %                     75.4   %                   72.8   %
operating revenues from asset-based fees increased 38.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by growth in operating revenues from all index-linked investment product categories. operating revenues from etfs linked to msci equity indexes increased by 41.9%, primarily driven by an increase in average aum, partially offset by a decrease in average basis point fees. the increase in asset-based fees operating revenues was also driven by revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes which increased by 39.4%, primarily driven by an increase in average aum.
index segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 20.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting higher compensation expenses to support growth across all expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, index segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 18.3%.
operating revenues from asset-based fees increased 10.5% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in asset-based fees was driven by growth in revenues from all of our indexed investment product categories, including an increase in revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes that were primarily driven by price increases. the increase in revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes, which was driven by price increases and an increase in average aum. revenues from etfs linked to msci indexes also increased, driven by an 8.9% increase in average aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, partially offset by a change in fee levels of certain products as well as change in product mix. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on operating revenues from asset-based fees was negligible.
index segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 0.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, reflecting lower expenses across selling and marketing expense activity category, partially offset by higher expenses across the g&a, cost of revenues and r&d expense activity categories.
adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, index segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 0.2%.
adjusted ebitda expenses                345,500                    340,884                    344,812                   1.4   %                  (1.1   %)
adjusted ebitda                        $198,799                   $172,924                   $152,113                  15.0   %                  13.7   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   36.5   %                   33.7   %                   30.6   %
analytics operating revenues increased 5.9% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by growth from recurring subscriptions related to multi-asset class and equity analytics products. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on analytics operating revenues was negligible.
analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 1.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting higher compensation expenses primarily driven by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on compensation expenses and higher market data costs, partially offset by lower r&d expenses. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 0.1%.
analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 1.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by lower expenses across the cost of revenues and r&d expense activity categories, partially offset by higher expenses across the selling and marketing and g&a expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have decreased 0.4%.
adjusted ebitda expenses                136,444                     88,513                    68,846                  54.2   %                  28.6   %
adjusted ebitda                         $29,748                    $22,851                   $21,813                  30.2   %                   4.8   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   17.9   %                   20.5   %                  24.1   %
esg and climate segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 54.2% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, reflecting higher compensation expenses to support growth, reflected across all expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, esg and climate segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 51.8%.
esg and climate segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 28.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, reflecting higher compensation expenses to support growth, reflected across all expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, esg and climate segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 28.4%.
adjusted ebitda expenses                64,358                    44,481                    42,890                  44.7   %                    3.7   %
adjusted ebitda                        $16,931                    $9,242                    $6,385                  83.2   %                   44.7   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                  20.8   %                  17.2   %                  13.0   %
all other - private assets operating revenues increased 51.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by revenues attributable to the acquisition of rca included as of september 13, 2021 (the date we completed the acquisition). excluding the acquisition of rca, the increase in operating revenues was primarily driven by growth from recurring subscriptions related to both enterprise analytics and global intel products and benefits from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. adjusting for both the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other - private assets operating revenues would have increased 4.0%. all other - private assets operating revenues would have increased 10.0% when excluding the impact of acquisitions and increased 45.3% when excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
all other - private assets segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 44.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily driven by the acquisition of rca. all other - private assets segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have decreased 0.2% when excluding the impact of acquisitions and increased 41.9% when excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
all other - private assets segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 3.7% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, primarily driven by higher expenses across the r&d and selling and marketing expense activity categories, partially offset by lower expenses across the cost of revenues and
g&a expense activity categories. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other - private assets segment adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 4.8%.
"run rate" estimates at a particular point in time the annualized value of the recurring revenues under our client license agreements ("client contracts") for the next 12 months, assuming all client contracts that come up for renewal, or reach the end of the committed subscription period, are renewed and assuming then-current currency exchange rates, subject to the adjustments and exclusions described below. for any client contract where fees are linked to an investment product's assets or trading volume/fees, the run rate calculation reflects, for etfs, the market value on the last trading day of the period, for futures and options, the most recent quarterly volumes and/or reported exchange fees, and for other non-etf products, the most recent client-reported assets. run rate does not include fees associated with "one-time" and other non-recurring transactions. in addition, we add to run rate the annualized fee value of recurring new sales, whether to existing or new clients, when we execute client contracts, even though the license start date, and associated revenue recognition, may not be effective until a later date. we remove from run rate the annualized fee value associated with products or services under any client contract with respect to which we have received a notice of termination, non-renewal or an indication the client does not intend to continue their subscription during the period and have determined that such notice evidences the client's final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable products or services, even though such notice is not effective until a later date.
   fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales;
   differences between the recurring license start date and the date the client contract is executed due to, for example, contracts with onboarding periods or fee waiver periods;
   revenue recognition differences under u.s. gaap, including those related to the timing of implementation and report deliveries for certain of our products and services;
   the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
total run rate increased 20.3%, driven by an 18.0% increase from recurring subscriptions and 27.0% increase from asset-based fees. adjusting for the impact of acquisitions or foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscriptions run rate would have increased 12.4% and 19.0%, respectively.
run rate from analytics products increased 5.4%, primarily driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics run rate would have increased 6.8%.
run rate from all other - private assets increased 139.2%, primarily driven by the acquisition of rca and growth in the global intel products. adjusting for both the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other - private assets run rate would have increased 7.6%. adjusting for the impact of acquisitions or foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other - private assets run rate would have increased 4.7% and 143.5%, respectively.
run rate from asset-based fees increased 17.2%, driven by higher aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes, higher prices in futures and options and higher prices in non-etf indexed funds linked to msci indexes. partially offsetting the impact of the increase in aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes was a change in fee levels of certain products as well as change in product mix, which was the primary driver of a decline in average basis point fees to 2.67 at december 31, 2020 from 2.82 at december 31, 2019. as of december 31, 2020, the value of aum in equity etfs linked to msci indexes was $1,103.6 billion, up $169.2 billion, or 18.1%, from $934.4 billion as of december 31, 2019. the increase of $169.2 billion consisted of market appreciation of $93.6 billion and net inflows of $75.6 billion.
run rate from analytics products increased 5.4%, driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics run rate would have increased 4.0%.
sales sales represents the annualized value of products and services clients commit to purchase from msci and will result in additional operating revenues. non-recurring sales represent the actual value of the customer agreements entered into during the period and are not a component of run rate. new recurring subscription sales represent additional selling activities, such as new customer agreements, additions to existing agreements or increases in price that occurred during the period and are additions to run rate. subscription cancellations reflect client activities during the period, such as discontinuing products and services and/or reductions in price, resulting in reductions to run rate. net new recurring subscription sales represent the amount of new recurring subscription sales net of subscription cancellations during the period, which reflects the net impact to run rate during the period.
(1)   includes rca's run rate commencing as of the acquisition date of september 13, 2021. retention rate for all other - private assets excluding the impact of rca was 93.7%, 87.0% and 92.4% for the three months ended september 30, 2021, three months ended december 31, 2021 and year ended december 31, 2021, respectively.
for example, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded cancellations of $20.3 million. to derive the retention rate for the fourth quarter, we annualized the actual cancellations during the quarter of $20.3 million to derive $81.4 million of annualized cancellations. this $81.4 million was then divided by the $1,444.2 million subscription run rate at the beginning of the year, which included rca's run rate as of the date of acquisition, to derive a cancellation rate of 5.6%. the 5.6% was then subtracted from 100.0% to derive a retention rate of 94.4% for the fourth quarter.
retention rate is computed by operating segment on a product/service-by-product/service basis. in general, if a client reduces the number of products or services to which it subscribes within a segment, or switches between products or services within a segment, we treat it as a cancellation for purposes of calculating our retention rate except in the case of a product or service switch that management considers to be a replacement product or service. in those replacement cases, only the net change to the client subscription, if a decrease, is reported as a cancel. in the analytics and the esg and climate operating segments, substantially all product or service switches are treated as replacement products or services and netted in this manner, while in our index and real estate operating segments, product or service switches that are treated as replacement products or services and receive netting treatment occur
only in certain limited instances. in addition, we treat any reduction in fees resulting from a down-sell of the same product or service as a cancellation to the extent of the reduction. we do not calculate retention rate for that portion of our run rate attributable to assets in index-linked investment products or futures and options contracts, in each case, linked to our indexes.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, 29.0% of our cancellations occurred in the fourth quarter. in our product lines, retention rate is generally higher during the first three quarters and lower in the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the largest renewal period in the year.
liquidity and capital resources we require capital to fund ongoing operations, internal growth initiatives and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and credit capacity under our existing credit facility. in addition, we believe we have access to additional funding in the public and private markets. we intend to use these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations, fund our working capital requirements for capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions and dividend payments, and make repurchases of our common stock. in connection with our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities. we believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth.
senior notes and credit agreement we have an aggregate of $4,200.0 million in senior unsecured notes (collectively, the "senior notes") outstanding and a $500.0 million undrawn revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks as of december 31, 2021. see note 6, "commitments and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on the senior notes and revolving credit agreement.
the senior notes and the revolving credit agreement are fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed by our direct or indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that account for more than 5% of our and our subsidiaries' consolidated assets, other than certain excluded subsidiaries (the "subsidiary guarantors"). amounts due under the revolving credit agreement are our and the subsidiary guarantors' senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with the senior notes and any of our other unsecured, unsubordinated debt, senior to any of our subordinated debt and effectively subordinated to our secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt.
the indentures governing our senior notes (the "indentures") among us, each of the subsidiary guarantors, and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, contain covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indentures restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries' ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiaries guaranteeing the senior notes on a pari passu basis.
the revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and/or the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to:
   incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness;
   merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another person;
   enter into acquisition transactions;
   issue disqualified capital stock;
   pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of our capital stock or engage in stock repurchases, redemptions and other restricted payments;
   permit certain restrictions affecting our subsidiaries;
   enter into any transactions with affiliates other than on an arm's-length basis; and
the revolving credit agreement and the indentures also contain customary events of default, including those relating to non-payment, breach of representations, warranties or covenants, cross-default and cross-acceleration, and bankruptcy and insolvency events, and, in the case of the revolving credit agreement, invalidity or impairment of loan documentation, change of control and customary erisa defaults in addition to the foregoing. none of the restrictions above are expected to impact our ability to effectively operate the business.
the revolving credit agreement also requires us and our subsidiaries to achieve financial and operating results sufficient to maintain compliance with the following financial ratios on a consolidated basis through the termination of the revolving credit agreement: (1) the maximum consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall not exceed 4.25:1.00 (or 4.50:1.00 for two fiscal quarters following a material acquisition) and (2) the minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall be at least 4.00:1.00. as of december 31, 2021, our consolidated leverage ratio was 3.28:1.00 and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 8.27:1.00. as of december 31, 2021, there were no amounts drawn and outstanding under the revolving credit agreement.
our non-guarantor subsidiaries under the senior notes consist of: (i) domestic subsidiaries of the company that account for 5% or less of consolidated assets of the company and its subsidiaries and (ii) any foreign or domestic subsidiary of the company that is deemed to be a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of section 957 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. our non-guarantor subsidiaries as of december 31, 2021, accounted for approximately $1,258.4 million, or 61.6%, of our total revenue for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, approximately $452.2 million, or 42.2%, of our consolidated operating income for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, and approximately $2,334.9 million, or 42.4%, of our consolidated total assets (excluding intercompany assets) and $1,004.6 million, or 17.7%, of our consolidated total liabilities, in each case as of december 31, 2021.
share repurchases our board of directors has approved a stock repurchase program for the purchase of shares of the company's common stock in the open market. see note 11, "shareholders' equity (deficit)," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information on our stock repurchase program.
as of trade date february 10, 2022, a total of $955.1 million remained available on the share repurchase authorization. this authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the board of directors at any time without prior notice.
cash dividends on september 17, 2014, our board of directors approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. on october 30, 2014, we began paying regular quarterly cash dividends and have paid such dividends each quarter thereafter.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $936,069                      $811,109                    $709,523               15.4              %       14.3              %
net cash used in investing activities                              (1,035,713   )                (241,791   )                (71,937   )   nm                                 (236.1   %)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                   229,505                    (779,038   )                (36,667   )   129.5             %       nm effect of exchange rate changes                                        (8,933   )                   3,674                      1,472       nm                        149.6             %
nm: not meaningful cash and cash equivalents we typically seek to maintain minimum cash balances globally of approximately $200.0 million to $250.0 million for general operating purposes. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, $542.2 million and $423.4 million, respectively, of the cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. repatriation of some foreign cash may be subject to certain withholding taxes in local jurisdictions and other distribution restrictions. we believe the global cash and cash equivalent balances that are maintained will be available to meet our global needs whether for general corporate purposes or other needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. the year-over-year increase for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by higher cash collections from customers, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes and cash expenses.
our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, interest expenses, income taxes, technology costs, market data costs and office rent. historically, the payment of cash for compensation and benefits is at its highest level in the first quarter when we pay discretionary employee compensation related to the previous fiscal year.
cash flows from investing activities the year-over-year change for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by the acquisition of rca, partially offset by the absence of the $190.8 million equity method investment in burgiss.
cash flows from financing activities the year-over-year change for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily driven by the impact of lower share repurchases and higher proceeds from the senior notes offerings made during the year ended december 31, 2021.
we believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing revolving credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as material capital expenditures and share repurchases, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this form 10-k and for the foreseeable future thereafter. in addition, we expect that foreign cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this form 10-k and for the foreseeable future thereafter.
(2)   primarily includes amounts payable related to an estimated one-time tax on deemed repatriation of historic earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the "toll charge") imposed after tax reform was enacted. the toll charge is included within "other non-current liabilities" in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
the obligations related to our uncertain tax positions, which are not considered material, have been excluded from the table above because of the uncertainty surrounding the timing and final amounts of any settlement.