item 7
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). this section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended june 30, 2021 compared to the year ended june 30, 2020. for a discussion of the year ended june 30, 2020 compared to the year ended june 30, 2019, please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2020.
overview microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. we strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. they also support new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.
we generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; designing, manufacturing, and selling devices; and delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services; datacenter costs in support of our cloud-based services; and income taxes.
as the world continues to respond to covid-19, we are working to do our part by ensuring the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology and resources to our customers to help them do their best work while remote.
highlights from fiscal year 2021 compared with fiscal year 2020 included:
•   office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 10% and microsoft 365 consumer subscribers increased to 51.9 million.
•   dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 25% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 43%.
•   search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 13%.
on march 9, 2021, we completed our acquisition of zenimax media inc. ("zenimax"), the parent company of bethesda softworks llc, for a total purchase price of $8.1 billion, consisting primarily of cash. the purchase price included $768 million of cash and cash equivalents acquired. the financial results of zenimax have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. zenimax is reported as part of our more personal computing segment. refer to note 8 - business combinations of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
part ii item 7
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in the cloud, and in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. the investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic.
our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers, some of which contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. for these components, we have limited near-term flexibility to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or is unable to meet our requirements. extended disruptions at these suppliers could lead to a similar disruption in our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.
our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. as a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies increased reported revenue and did not have a material impact on reported expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2021.
refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
in fiscal year 2021, the covid-19 pandemic continued to impact our business operations and financial results. cloud usage and demand benefited as customers accelerate their digital transformation priorities. our consumer businesses also benefited from the remote environment, with continued demand for pcs and productivity tools, as well as strong engagement across our gaming platform. we saw improvement in customer advertising spend and savings in operating expenses related to covid-19, but experienced weakness in transactional licensing. the covid-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business operations and financial operating results, and there is uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
seasonality our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. second quarter revenue is driven by corporate year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi-year on-premises contracts executed during the period.
part ii item 7
change in accounting estimate in july 2020, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment and determined we should increase the estimated useful life of server equipment from three years to four years and increase the estimated useful life of network equipment from two years to four years. this change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2021. based on the carrying amount of server and network equipment included in property and equipment, net as of june 30, 2020, the effect of this change in estimate for fiscal year 2021 was an increase in operating income of $2.7 billion and net income of $2.3 billion, or $0.30 per both basic and diluted share.
reportable segments we report our financial performance based on the following segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. all differences between our internal management reporting basis and accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), along with certain corporate-level and other activity, are included in corporate and other.
additional information on our reportable segments is contained in note 19 - segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
metrics we use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. we disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. the metrics are disclosed in the md&a or the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). financial metrics are calculated based on gaap results and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year.
commercial our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, enterprise services, and dynamics. our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance.
commercial remaining performance obligation   commercial portion of revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods
commercial cloud revenue                      revenue from our commercial cloud business, which includes azure, office 365 commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties commercial cloud gross margin percentage      gross margin percentage for our commercial cloud business
part ii item 7
productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud metrics related to our productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. the metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends.
office commercial products and cloud services revenue growth   revenue from office commercial products and cloud services (office 365 subscriptions, the office 365 portion of microsoft 365 commercial subscriptions, and office licensed on-premises), comprising office, exchange, sharepoint, microsoft teams, office 365 security and compliance, and skype for business
office consumer products and cloud services revenue growth     revenue from office consumer products and cloud services, including microsoft 365 consumer subscriptions and office licensed on-premises office 365 commercial seat growth                              the number of office 365 commercial seats at end of period where seats are paid users covered by an office 365 commercial subscription microsoft 365 consumer subscribers                             the number of microsoft 365 consumer (formerly office 365 consumer) subscribers at end of period dynamics products and cloud services revenue growth            revenue from dynamics products and cloud services, including dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across erp, crm, customer insights, power apps, and power automate; and on-premises erp and crm applications linkedin revenue growth                                        revenue from linkedin, including talent solutions, marketing solutions, premium subscriptions, sales solutions, and learning solutions server products and cloud services revenue growth              revenue from server products and cloud services, including azure; sql server, windows server, visual studio, system center, and related client access licenses ("cals"); and github more personal computing metrics related to our more personal computing segment assess the performance of key lines of business within this segment. these metrics provide strategic product insights which allow us to assess the performance across our commercial and consumer businesses. as we have diversity of target audiences and sales motions within the windows business, we monitor metrics that are reflective of those varying motions.
windows oem pro revenue growth      revenue from sales of windows pro licenses sold through the oem channel, which primarily addresses demand in the commercial market
windows oem non-pro revenue growth   revenue from sales of windows non-pro licenses sold through the oem channel, which primarily addresses demand in the consumer market
part ii item 7
surface revenue                                                 revenue from surface devices and accessories xbox content and services revenue growth                        revenue from xbox content and services, comprising digital transactions, xbox game pass and other subscriptions, video games, third-party video game royalties, cloud services, and advertising search advertising revenue, excluding tac, growth               revenue from search advertising excluding traffic acquisition costs ("tac") paid to bing ads network publishers summary results of operations
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)          2021                 2020           percentage change
adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share ("eps") are non-gaap financial measures which exclude tax benefits related to an india supreme court decision on withholding taxes in fiscal year 2021. refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results. see note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
revenue increased $25.1 billion or 18% driven by growth across each of our segments. intelligent cloud revenue increased driven by azure. productivity and business processes revenue increased driven by office 365 commercial and linkedin. more personal computing revenue increased driven by gaming.
cost of revenue increased $6.2 billion or 13% driven by growth in commercial cloud and gaming, offset in part by a reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment.
gross margin increased $18.9 billion or 20% driven by growth across each of our segments and the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. gross margin percentage increased with the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. excluding this impact, gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by gross margin percentage reduction in more personal computing. commercial cloud gross margin percentage increased 4 points to 71% driven by gross margin percentage improvement in azure and the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment, offset in part by sales mix shift to azure.
operating expenses increased $2.0 billion or 4% driven by investments in cloud engineering and commercial sales, offset in part by savings related to covid-19 across each of our segments, prior year charges associated with the closing of our microsoft store physical locations, and a reduction in bad debt expense.
key changes in operating expenses were:
•   research and development expenses increased $1.4 billion or 8% driven by investments in cloud engineering.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $519 million or 3% driven by investments in commercial sales, offset in part by a reduction in bad debt expense. sales and marketing included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   general and administrative expenses were relatively unchanged, driven by prior year charges associated with the closing of our microsoft store physical locations, offset in part by an increase in certain employee-related expenses and business taxes.
part ii item 7
operating income increased $17.0 billion or 32% driven by growth across each of our segments and the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment.
current year net income and diluted eps were positively impacted by the tax benefit related to the india supreme court decision on withholding taxes, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted eps of $620 million and $0.08, respectively.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 3%, 3%, and 4%, respectively.
(in millions, except percentages)           2021                2020           percentage change
revenue productivity and business processes             $53,915             $46,398             16%
operating income productivity and business processes             $24,351             $18,724             30%
reportable segments productivity and business processes revenue increased $7.5 billion or 16%.
•   office commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $4.0 billion or 13%. office 365 commercial revenue grew 22% driven by seat growth of 17% and higher revenue per user. office commercial products revenue declined 23% driven by continued customer shift to cloud offerings and transactional weakness.
•   office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $474 million or 10% driven by microsoft 365 consumer subscription revenue, on a strong prior year comparable that benefited from transactional strength in japan. microsoft 365 consumer subscribers increased 22% to 51.9 million.
•   linkedin revenue increased $2.2 billion or 27% driven by advertising demand in our marketing solutions business.
•   dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 25% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 43%.
•   gross margin increased $6.5 billion or 18% driven by growth in office 365 commercial and linkedin, and the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. gross margin percentage increased with the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. excluding this impact, gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by a sales mix shift to cloud offerings, on a low prior year comparable impacted by increased usage.
•   operating expenses increased $839 million or 5% driven by investments in commercial sales, cloud engineering, and linkedin.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%, 3%, and 4%, respectively.
part ii item 7
•   server products and cloud services revenue increased $11.2 billion or 27% driven by azure. azure revenue grew 50% due to growth in our consumption-based services. server products revenue increased 6% driven by hybrid and premium solutions, on a strong prior year comparable that benefited from demand related to sql server 2008 and windows server 2008 end of support.
•   enterprise services revenue increased $534 million or 8% driven by growth in premier support services.
•   gross margin increased $9.7 billion or 29% driven by growth in azure and the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. gross margin percentage increased with the change in estimated useful lives of our server and network equipment. excluding this impact, gross margin percentage was relatively unchanged driven by gross margin percentage improvement in azure, offset in part by sales mix shift to azure.
•   operating expenses increased $1.9 billion or 12% driven by investments in azure.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%, 3%, and 4%, respectively.
•   windows revenue increased $933 million or 4% driven by growth in windows commercial. windows commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 14% driven by demand for microsoft 365. windows oem revenue increased slightly driven by consumer pc demand, on a strong prior year oem pro comparable that benefited from windows 7 end of support. windows oem pro revenue decreased 9% and windows oem non-pro revenue grew 21%.
•   gaming revenue increased $3.8 billion or 33% driven by growth in xbox content and services and xbox hardware. xbox content and services revenue increased $2.3 billion or 23% driven by growth in third-party titles, xbox game pass subscriptions, and first-party titles. xbox hardware revenue increased 92% driven by higher price of consoles sold due to the xbox series x|s launches.
•   search advertising revenue increased $788 million or 10%. search advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 13% driven by higher revenue per search and search volume.
•   operating expenses decreased $752 million or 6% driven by prior year charges associated with the closing of our microsoft store physical locations and reductions in retail store expenses and marketing, offset in part by investments in gaming.
gross margin and operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2% and 3%, respectively.
part ii item 7
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)        2021            2020         percentage change
research and development                  $20,716         $19,269               8%
as a percent of revenue                       12%             13%           (1)ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.
research and development expenses increased $1.4 billion or 8% driven by investments in cloud engineering.
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)        2021            2020         percentage change
sales and marketing                       $20,117         $19,598               3%
as a percent of revenue                       12%             14%           (2)ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
sales and marketing expenses increased $519 million or 3% driven by investments in commercial sales, offset in part by a reduction in bad debt expense. sales and marketing included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
(in millions, except percentages)        2021            2020         percentage change
as a percent of revenue                        3%              4%           (1)ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, severance expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
general and administrative expenses were relatively unchanged, driven by prior year charges associated with the closing of our microsoft store physical locations, offset in part by an increase in certain employee-related expenses and business taxes.
part ii item 7
net recognized gains on investments                            1,232                 32
net gains on derivatives                                          17                187
net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements             54               (191   )
we use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
interest and dividends income decreased due to lower yields on fixed-income securities. interest expense decreased due to a decrease in outstanding long-term debt due to debt maturities. net recognized gains on investments increased due to higher gains on equity securities. net gains on derivatives decreased due to lower gains on foreign currency contracts.
income taxes effective tax rate our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 was 14% and 17%, respectively. the decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to tax benefits from a decision by the india supreme court on withholding taxes in the case of engineering analysis centre of excellence private limited vs the commissioner of income tax, an agreement between the u.s. and india tax authorities related to transfer pricing, final tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") regulations, and an increase in tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation.
we have historically paid india withholding taxes on software sales through distributor withholding and tax audit assessments in india. in march 2021, the india supreme court ruled favorably for companies in 86 separate appeals, some dating back to 2012, holding that software sales are not subject to india withholding taxes. although we were not a party to the appeals, our software sales in india were determined to be not subject to withholding taxes. therefore, we recorded a net income tax benefit of $620 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the results of the india supreme court decision impacting fiscal year 1996 through fiscal year 2016.
our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in ireland and puerto rico, tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation, and tax benefits from the india supreme court decision on withholding taxes.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2021, our u.s. income before income taxes was $35.0 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $36.1 billion. in fiscal year 2020, our u.s. income before income taxes was $24.1 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $28.9 billion.
uncertain tax positions we settled a portion of the internal revenue service ("irs") audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. in february 2012, the irs withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 and reopened the audit phase of the examination. we also settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we settled an additional portion of the irs audits for tax years 2004 to 2013 and made a payment of $1.7 billion, including tax and interest. we remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2017.
part ii item 7
as of june 30, 2021, the primary unresolved issues for the irs audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a material impact in our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved key transfer pricing issues and do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2020, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures which exclude the tax benefits related to the india supreme court decision on withholding taxes in fiscal year 2021. we believe these non-gaap measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. for comparability of reporting, management considers non-gaap measures in conjunction with gaap financial results in evaluating business performance. these non-gaap financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results:
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                       2021                 2020         percentage change
net income tax benefit related to india supreme court decision on withholding taxes              (620   )               0               *
net income tax benefit related to india supreme court decision on withholding taxes             (0.08   )               0               *
part ii item 7
financial condition cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $130.3 billion and $136.5 billion as of june 30, 2021 and 2020. equity investments were $6.0 billion and $3.0 billion as of june 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as u.s. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, u.s. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash flows cash from operations increased $16.1 billion to $76.7 billion for fiscal year 2021, mainly due to an increase in cash received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers and employees. cash used in financing increased $2.5 billion to $48.5 billion for fiscal year 2021, mainly due to a $4.4 billion increase in common stock repurchases and a $1.4 billion increase in dividends paid, offset in part by a $1.8 billion decrease in repayments of debt and a $1.7 billion decrease in cash premium paid on debt exchange. cash used in investing increased $15.4 billion to $27.6 billion for fiscal year 2021, mainly due to a $6.4 billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, a $5.2 billion increase in additions to property and equipment, and a $4.1 billion decrease in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.
debt we issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. in march 2021 and june 2020, we exchanged a portion of our existing debt at a premium for cash and new debt with longer maturities to take advantage of favorable financing rates in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
part ii item 7
unearned revenue unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include software assurance ("sa") and cloud services. unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2021:
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable.
share repurchases during fiscal years 2021 and 2020, we repurchased 101 million shares and 126 million shares of our common stock for $23.0 billion and $19.7 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. all repurchases were made using cash resources. refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
dividends refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters. additionally, we have agreed to cover damages resulting from breaches of certain security and privacy commitments in our cloud business. in evaluating estimated losses on these obligations, we consider factors such as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. these obligations did not have a material impact in our consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.
part ii item 7
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2021:
construction commitments (b)                                  8,927            529              0                0           9,456
transition tax (d)                                            1,427          4,105          8,030                0          13,562
purchase commitments (e)                                     29,129          1,708            446              270          31,553
other long-term liabilities (f)                                   0            365             68              263             696
(a)   refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)   refer to note 7 - property and equipment of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(c)   refer to note 14 - leases of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(d)   refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(e)   amounts represent purchase commitments, including open purchase orders and take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above.
(f)   we have excluded long-term tax contingencies, other tax liabilities, and deferred income taxes of $14.6 billion from the amounts presented as the timing of these obligations is uncertain. we have also excluded unearned revenue and non-cash items.
other planned uses of capital on april 11, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire nuance communications, inc. ("nuance") for $56.00 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at $19.7 billion, inclusive of nuance's net debt. the acquisition has been approved by nuance's shareholders, and we expect it to close by the end of calendar year 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. we have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, microsoft experience centers, and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
liquidity as a result of the tcja, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax. under the tcja, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. we have paid transition tax of $4.7 billion, which included $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2021. the remaining transition tax of $13.6 billion is payable over the next five years with a final payment in fiscal year 2026.
we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the tcja, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
part ii item 7
recent accounting guidance refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. these estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies, as well as uncertainty in the current economic environment due to covid-19. critical accounting policies for us include revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. when a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. certain cloud services, primarily office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. revenue from office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.
judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation. we use a single amount to estimate ssp for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with sa or software updates provided at no additional charge. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services.
in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the ssp using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. we typically have more than one ssp for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. in these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the ssp.
due to the various benefits from and the nature of our sa program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.
our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.
impairment of investment securities we review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. in addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. if we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
part ii item 7
equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. we perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. we are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net.
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
part ii item 7
the tcja significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
part ii item 7
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer alice l. jolla corporate vice president and chief accounting officer