item 7.       management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of newmont corporation, a delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively, "newmont," the "company," "our" and "we"). we use certain non-gaap financial measures in our md&a. for a detailed description of each of the non-gaap measures used in this md&a, please see the discussion under "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis. this item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report.
the following md&a generally discusses our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2021 and 2020 and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. discussions of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2019 and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 are included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations, in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 18, 2021.
overview newmont is the world's leading gold company and is the only gold company included in the s&p 500 index and the fortune 500 list of companies. we have been included in the dow jones sustainability index-world since 2007 and have adopted the world gold council's conflict-free gold policy. since 2015, newmont has been ranked as the mining and metal sector's top gold miner by the sam s&p corporate sustainability assessment. newmont has been ranked the top miner in 3bl media's 100 best corporate citizens list which ranks the 1,000 largest publicly traded u.s. companies on environmental, social and governance ("esg") transparency and performance since 2020. we are primarily engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold properties, some of which may contain copper, silver, lead, zinc or other metals. we have significant operations and/or assets in the united states ("u.s."), canada, mexico, dominican republic, peru, suriname, argentina, chile, australia and ghana. our goal is to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining.
we have been closely monitoring the covid-19 pandemic and its impacts and potential impacts on our business. however, because of the changing developments with respect to the spread of covid-19 and the unprecedented nature of the pandemic, we are unable to predict the extent and duration of any potential adverse financial impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. refer to note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for discussion on potential future impacts to our results of operations and financial position resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
refer to "2021 results and highlights," and "environmental, social and governance practices ("esg")" within part i, item 1, business and "results of consolidated operations," "liquidity and capital resources" and "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis for additional information about the impact of covid-19 on our business and operations. for a discussion of covid-19 related risks to the business, see part i, item 1a, risk factors.
in february 2022, the company completed the acquisition of buenaventura's 43.65% noncontrolling interest in yanacocha (the "yanacocha transaction") and sold its 46.94% ownership interest in minera la zanja s.r.l. ("la zanja"). see note 1 of the consolidated financial statements for further information.
on april 18, 2019 (the "acquisition date"), newmont completed the business acquisition of goldcorp, inc. ("goldcorp"), an ontario corporation. the company acquired all outstanding common shares of goldcorp in a primarily stock transaction (the "newmont goldcorp transaction") for total cash and non-cash consideration of $9,456. the financial information included in the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes the results of operations acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction since april 18, 2019. for further information, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
on march 10, 2019, the company entered into an implementation agreement with barrick gold corporation ("barrick") to establish a joint venture ("nevada jv agreement"). on july 1, 2019 (the "effective date"), newmont and barrick consummated the nevada jv agreement and established nevada gold mines llc ("ngm"). as of the effective date, the company contributed its carlin, phoenix, twin creeks and long canyon mines ("existing nevada mining operations") and barrick contributed certain of its nevada mining operations and assets. newmont and barrick hold economic interests in the joint venture equal to 38.5% and 61.5%, respectively. barrick acts as the operator of ngm with overall management responsibility and is subject to the supervision and direction of ngm's board of managers. the company accounts for its interest in ngm using the proportionate consolidation method, thereby recognizing its pro-rata share of the assets, liabilities and operations of ngm. for further information, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
for information on asset sales impacting comparability of below results, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
the decrease in net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to newmont stockholders during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher reclamation and remediation expense resulting from adjustments mainly related to portions of yanacocha site operations no longer in production with no expected substantive future economic value, the loss on assets held for sale in connection with the conga mill assets, lower gain on asset and investment sales, and higher income tax expense, partially offset by higher average realized metal prices and higher sales volumes as well as lower care and maintenance due to certain operations being placed into care and maintenance or experiencing reduced operations in response to the covid-19 pandemic during 2020. refer to notes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 7, respectively, of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the details of our sales are set forth below. refer to note 5 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the increase in silver sales during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher average realized silver prices and higher ounces sold in the current period due to peñasquito being placed into care and maintenance during a portion of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the increase in lead sales during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher average realized lead prices, partially offset by lower pounds sold at peñasquito.
the increase in zinc sales during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, are primarily due to higher average realized zinc prices and higher pounds sold in the current period due to peñasquito being placed into care and maintenance during a portion of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the details of our costs applicable to sales are set forth below. refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the increase in costs applicable to sales for gold during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher ounces sold in the current year due to certain operations being placed into care and maintenance or experiencing reduced operations in response to the covid-19 pandemic during 2020 and higher contract labor to compensate for labor shortages, partially offset by higher by-product credits and lower sales volumes at yanacocha, lower sales volumes at ngm, and the sale of red lake during the first quarter of 2020.
the increases in costs applicable to sales for silver and zinc during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher ounces and pounds, respectively, sold in the current year due to peñasquito being placed into care and maintenance during a portion of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the details of our depreciation and amortization are set forth below. refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the increase in depreciation and amortization for silver during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to higher ounces sold in the current year due to peñasquito being placed into care and maintenance during a portion of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the decreases in depreciation and amortization for lead and zinc during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, is primarily due to lower co-product allocation of costs to lead and zinc, and lower pounds of lead sold, partially offset by higher pounds of zinc sold in the current year due to peñasquito being placed into care and maintenance during a portion of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
exploration expense was $209, $187 and $265 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. exploration expense increased in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to increase in exploration activities in australia, north and south america partially offset by decreased exploration activities at ngm due to lower drill rig availability.
advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs, feasibility studies and other project expenses that do not qualify for capitalization. advanced projects, research and development expense was $154, $122 and $150 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. advanced projects, research and development expense increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to increased spend associated with full potential programs.
general and administrative expense was $259, $269 and $313 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. general and administrative expense decreased in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to the progression of integration activities for the newmont goldcorp transaction and other cost reduction efforts. general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales was 2.1%, 2.3% and 3.2% for 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively.
interest expense, net was $274, $308 and $301 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. capitalized interest totaled $38, $24, and $26 in each year, respectively. interest expense, net decreased in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to lower interest rates as a result of the early redemption of the 2021 senior notes and debt tenders of the 2022 and 2023 senior notes.
income and mining tax expense (benefit) was $1,098, $704, and $832 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the effective tax rate is driven by a number of factors and the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods will be primarily affected by (i) variations in our income before income taxes; (ii) geographic distribution of that income; (iii) impacts of the changes in tax law; (iv) valuation allowances on tax assets; (v) percentage depletion; (vi) fluctuation in the value of the united states dollar and foreign currencies; and (vii) the impact of specific transactions and assessments. as a result, the effective tax rate will fluctuate, sometimes significantly, year to year. this trend is expected to continue in future periods. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of income taxes.
tax rate                     (benefit)                                                                                                                                                       tax rate                     (benefit)
(1)represents income (loss) from continuing operations by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliates. these amounts will not reconcile to the segment information for the reasons stated in note 4.
(2)includes deduction for percentage depletion of $(62) and $(63) and mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $40 and $31, respectively. nevada includes the company's 38.5% interest in ngm.
(4)includes valuation allowance of $(128) and $(86), uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $2 and $(2), and expiration of capital losses of $152 and $-, respectively.
(5)includes benefit recognized on the sale of kalgoorlie and related tax capital loss of $- and $(353), mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $65 and $73, valuation allowance of $(16) and $205, and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(1) and $5, respectively.
(6)includes uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $12 and $16, respectively.
(7)includes valuation allowance of $1 and $1, and uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $1 and $-, respectively.
(8)includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $8 and $3, valuation allowance of $636 and $81, uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $(2) and $1, tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $21 and $22, and expense related to prior year tax disputes of $(1) and $(7), respectively. tax expense of $55 and $29, respectively, was recognized for the yanacocha tax dispute. the federal and state cash tax payment includes $80 paid for the yanacocha tax dispute.
(9)includes mining tax net of associated benefit of $14 and $11, valuation allowance of $(62) and $(9), uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $- and $(51), and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $2 and $(1), respectively.
(10)includes mining tax net of associated federal benefit of $47 and $33, valuation allowance of $(17) and $(12), uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $31 and $15, and tax impact from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(44) and $(58), respectively. the federal and state cash tax payment includes an $76 settlement payment to the mexican tax authority.
recently enacted legislation. during the third quarter of 2020, the nevada legislature passed three resolutions proposing amendments to the nevada constitution to modify provisions regarding the net proceeds of minerals tax. during the second quarter of 2021, the nevada legislature enacted a new excise tax on revenue from gold and silver sales and as a result will not be making modifications to the net proceeds of minerals tax. see the nevada results of operations for additional information.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, mexico approved legislation referred to as the 2022 tax reform bill. this legislation grants the taxing authority (servicio de administracion tributaria or sat) additional powers to enforce taxpayer compliance including greater oversight and review rights, increased reporting requirements, and harsher penalties for violations of tax laws. the tax reform is effective january 1, 2022 and includes additional transfer pricing rules, thin capitalization rules, provisions related to financing transactions, and restrictions on certain corporate restructuring transactions. this legislation is not expected to have a material impact on the company's operations.
equity income (loss) of affiliates was $166, $189 and $95 in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. equity income (loss) of affiliates decreased in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to income of $166 from the pueblo viejo mine. earnings before income taxes and depreciation and amortization related to the pueblo viejo mine ("pueblo viejo ebitda") was $420, $434 and $245 for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. pueblo viejo ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis.
refer to the notes of the consolidated financial statements for explanations of other financial statement line items.
our mines continued to operate with robust controls, including heightened levels of health screening and testing to protect both our workforce and the local communities in which we operate as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we have adopted a risk-based approach to business travel, are providing flexible and remote working plans for employees and are maintaining effective contact tracing procedures and "social distancing" protocols. for the year ended december 31, 2021, we incurred $87 of incremental direct costs related to our response to the covid-19 pandemic, included in other expense, net, as a result of these and other actions taken to protect our employees and operations, and to support the local communities in which we operate, of which, $82 is included in all-in sustaining costs. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we incurred $92 of incremental direct costs related to our response to the covid-19 pandemic, included in other expense, net, and all were excluded from all-in sustaining costs. all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part i, item 2, management's discussion and analysis. for further information regarding costs related to our response to the covid-19 pandemic, refer to note 9 of the consolidated financial statements.
attributable gold from equity method investments (9)                                                  (ounces in thousands)
(3)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis. for the year ended december 31, 2021, all-in sustaining costs includes $8 in care and maintenance costs recorded in care and maintenance at australia. for the year ended december 31, 2020, all-in sustaining costs includes $92 and $86 in care and maintenance costs recorded in care and maintenance at north america and south america, respectively.
(6)for the year ended december 31, 2021, the peñasquito mine in north america produced 31,375 thousand ounces of silver, 177 million pounds of lead and 435 million pounds of zinc. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the peñasquito mine in north america produced 27,801 thousand ounces of silver, 179 million pounds of lead and 381 million pounds of zinc. for the year ended december 31, 2019, peñasquito produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine in north america was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
(9)income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
consolidated gold production increased 1% primarily due to higher mill recovery, a draw-down of in-circuit inventory and higher throughput as a result of several mines being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions. consolidated gold equivalent ounces - other metals production increased 23% primarily due to higher throughput as a result of peñasquito in north america being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions and higher mill recovery.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce increased 4% primarily due to higher contractor costs at several mines, lower gold ounces sold at porcupine in north america, higher direct operating costs as a result of covid-19 restrictions at cerro negro in south america and an unfavorable strip ratio as a result of mine sequencing and higher power and diesel costs at ahafo in africa. costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 12% primarily due to higher direct operating costs at peñasquito in north america as a result of the mine being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year.
depreciation and amortization per consolidated gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to higher gold ounces sold as a result of several sites being placed on care and maintenance in the prior year. depreciation and amortization per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 4% primarily due to higher gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold and a longer reserve life at boddington in australia.
all-in sustaining costs per consolidated gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital costs. all-in sustaining costs per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 5% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals, partially offset by lower treatment and refining costs.
musselwhite                                      152                       100                         3                    1,018                     1,206                     2,248                    520                           644                         4,912                     1,335                           1,838                           8,174
peñasquito                                       686                       526                       129                      549                       560                       803                    279                           330                           301                       702        806                                                1,100
peñasquito (7)                                 1,089                       893                       443                     $603                      $535                       886                   $291                          $302                          $342                      $824                            $828                          $1,339
(2)for the year ended december 31, 2021, depreciation and amortization includes no care and maintenance costs recorded at north america. for the year ended december 31, 2020, depreciation and amortization includes $7, $16 and $28 in care and maintenance costs at musselwhite, éléonore and peñasquito, respectively.
(3)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis. for the year ended december 31, 2021, all-in sustaining costs includes no care and maintenance costs recorded at north america. for the year ended december 31, 2020, all-in sustaining costs includes $28, $26 and $38 in care and maintenance costs recorded in care and maintenance at musselwhite, éléonore and peñasquito, respectively.
(7)for the year ended december 31, 2021, peñasquito produced 31,375 thousand ounces of silver, 177 million pounds of lead and 435 million pounds of zinc. for the year ended december 31, 2020, peñasquito produced 27,801 thousand ounces of silver, 179 million pounds of lead and 381 million pounds of zinc. for the year ended december 31, 2019, peñasquito produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
musselwhite, canada. gold production increased 52% primarily due to the mine being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions and higher ore grades milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 16% primarily driven by higher gold ounces sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 19% primarily driven by higher gold ounces sold. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 27% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and care and maintenance costs in the prior year.
porcupine, canada. gold production decreased 10% primarily due to lower mill throughput and lower ore grades milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 23% primarily due to higher contractor costs and lower gold ounces sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 6% primarily due to a longer mine life. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 23% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend.
éléonore, canada. gold production increased 25% primarily due to higher throughput as a result of the mine being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions and higher ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 11% primarily due to higher contract labor to compensate for labor shortages, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to the commissioning of the lower mine material handling system, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 1% primarily driven by higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend, partially offset by care and maintenance costs in the prior year.
peñasquito, mexico. gold production increased 30% and gold equivalent ounces - other metals production increased 22% primarily due to higher throughput as a result of the mine being placed under care and maintenance in the prior year as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily driven by higher gold ounces sold. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 13% primarily due to higher direct operating costs as the mine was placed in care and maintenance in the prior year, partially offset by higher gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 15% primarily due to higher gold ounces sold, partially offset by the impact of the mine being placed on care and maintenance in the prior year. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 4% primarily due to higher gold equivalent - other metals sold, partially offset by the site being placed on care and maintenance in the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 13% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and care and maintenance costs in the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals was in line with prior year, with higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce being offset by lower treatment and refining costs and lower sustaining capital spend.
attributable gold from equity method investments (6)                                                  (ounces in thousands)
(3)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis. for the year ended december 31, 2021, all-in sustaining costs includes no care and maintenance costs recorded at south america. for the year ended december 31, 2020, all-in sustaining costs includes $27, $56 and $3 in care and maintenance costs recorded in care and maintenance at yanacocha, cerro negro and other south america, respectively.
(6)income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
yanacocha, peru. gold production decreased 22% primarily due to lower mill throughput as a result of the ramp down of the mill, partially offset by higher leach pad production as a result of higher leach recoveries. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 13% primarily due to higher by-product credits as a result of the timing of silver shipments that were previously delayed from the prior year due to covid-19. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 16% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and the amortization of the remaining asset retirement costs at la quinua, as production from this leach pad was completed during the year. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 4% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by higher reclamation costs and covid-19 costs, which were excluded from all-in sustaining costs in the prior year.
merian, suriname. gold production decreased 5% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and a build up of mill-in-circuit inventory, partially offset by higher mill throughput and higher recovery. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 7% primarily due to higher direct operating costs. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 3% primarily due to asset additions during the year and lower gold ounces sold. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, covid-19 costs and higher sustaining capital spend.
cerro negro, argentina. gold production increased 25% primarily due to higher mill throughput as a result of the mine being placed under care and maintenance in response to the covid-19 pandemic during 2020, partially offset by lower grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 27% primarily due to higher direct operating costs as a result of on-going covid-19 restrictions, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 15% primarily due to higher gold ounces sold and lower depreciation and amortization rates. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 9% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, higher sustaining capital spend and covid-19 costs, partially offset by care and maintenance costs in the prior year.
pueblo viejo, dominican republic. attributable gold production decreased 10% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower recovery, partially offset by higher mill throughput. refer to note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
(3)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis. for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, all-in sustaining costs included $8 and $-, respectively, in care and maintenance costs recorded in care and maintenance at tanami.
boddington, australia. gold production increased 4% primarily due to higher ore grade milled, partially offset by lower recovery and lower mill throughput. gold equivalent ounces - other metals production increased 27% primarily due to higher ore grade milled and higher recovery, partially offset by lower mill throughput. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to an unfavorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate and higher operating costs, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower co-product allocation of costs to gold. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 8% primarily due to an unfavorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate, higher operating costs, higher co-product allocation of costs to copper and higher royalties, partially offset by higher gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 5% primarily due to a longer mine life, higher gold ounces sold and a lower co-product allocation of costs to gold. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 3% primarily due to a longer mine life and higher gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold, partially offset by higher co-product allocation of costs to copper. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 1% primarily due to lower sustaining capital spend, partially offset by higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 2% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold-equivalent ounce - other metals, partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend.
tanami, australia. gold production decreased 2% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower throughput as the mine was placed under care and maintenance during july 2021 as a result of covid-19 restrictions. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 12% primarily due to an unfavorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate and lower gold ounces sold, partially offset by lower paste backfill spend. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 1% primarily due to a longer reserve life, partially offset by lower gold ounces sold and new asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 15% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend.
(2)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis.
ahafo, ghana. gold production was in line with prior year. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 12% primarily due to an unfavorable strip ratio as a result of mine sequencing and higher power and diesel costs, partially offset by lower mining consumables spend. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to higher ounces sold. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 11% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, higher exploration expense and covid-19 costs.
akyem, ghana. gold production increased 3% primarily due to higher ore grade milled, partially offset by lower mill throughput, lower recovery and a build-up of in-circuit inventory. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 11% primarily due to higher royalty payments, higher diesel costs and higher maintenance costs, partially offset by lower service costs. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce was in line with prior year. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 21% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, higher sustaining capital costs and higher reclamation costs.
(2)all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap financial measure. see "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis.
(4)for the year ended december 31, 2019, the phoenix mine in nevada produced 15 million pounds of copper. the phoenix mine site was contributed to ngm, effective july 1, 2019, at which point copper became a by-product.
ngm. attributable gold production at ngm decreased 5% primarily due to lower mill throughput at carlin as a result of lower availability of the goldstrike mill and ore blending and lower mill throughput, lower grade milled and the sale of the lone tree property at phoenix. this was partially offset by higher ore grades milled and higher leach pad recoveries at cortez. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, depreciation and amortization per gold ounce and all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce were in line with prior year.
foreign currency exchange rates our foreign operations sell their gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc production based on u.s. dollar metal prices. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates do not have a material impact on our revenue since gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc are sold throughout the world in u.s. dollars. despite selling gold and silver in london, we have no exposure to the euro or the british pound.
foreign currency exchange rates can increase or decrease profits to the extent costs are paid in foreign currencies, including the australian dollar, the mexican peso, the canadian dollar, the argentine peso, the peruvian sol, the surinamese dollar and the ghanaian cedi. in 2021, approximately 50% of costs applicable to sales were paid in currencies other than the u.s. dollar as follows:
our cerro negro mine, located in argentina, is a u.s. dollar functional currency entity. argentina has been considered a hyperinflationary environment with a cumulative inflation rate of over 100% for the last three years. in recent years, argentina's central bank enacted a number of foreign currency controls in an effort to stabilize the local currency, including requiring the company to convert u.s. dollar proceeds from metal sales to local currency within 60 days from shipment date or five business days from receipt of cash, whichever happens first, as well as restricting payments to foreign-related entities denominated in foreign currency, such as dividends or distributions to the parent and related companies and royalties and other payments to foreign beneficiaries. these restrictions directly impact cerro negro's ability to pay principal portions of intercompany debt to the company. we continue to monitor the foreign currency exposure risk and the limitations of repatriating cash to the united states. currently, these currency controls are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.
our merian mine, located in the country of suriname, is a u.s. dollar functional currency entity. suriname has experienced significant inflation over the last three years and has a highly inflationary economy. in 2021, the central bank took steps to stabilize the local currency, while the government introduced new legislation to narrow the gap between government revenues and spending. the measures to increase government revenue mainly consist of tax increases; however, newmont and the republic of suriname have a mineral agreement in place that supersedes such measures. the central bank of suriname recently adopted a controlled floating rate system, which resulted in a concurrent devaluation of the surinamese dollar. the majority of merian's activity has historically been denominated in u.s. dollars due to which the devaluation of the surinamese dollar has resulted in an immaterial impact on our financial statements. therefore, future devaluation of the surinamese dollar is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity overview we have a disciplined cash allocation strategy of maintaining financial flexibility to execute our capital priorities and generate long-term value for our shareholders. consistent with that strategy, we aim to self-fund development projects and make strategic partnerships focused on profitable growth, while reducing our debt and returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases.
the covid-19 pandemic has had a material impact on the global economy, the scale and duration of which remain uncertain. depending on the duration and extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, sites could be placed into care and maintenance;
transportation industry disruptions could occur, including limitations on shipping produced metals; refineries or smelters could be temporarily closed; our supply chain could be disrupted; or we could incur credit related losses of certain financial assets, which could materially impact the company's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. as of december 31, 2021, we believe our available liquidity allows us to manage the near-term impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our business.
at december 31, 2021, the company had $4,992 in cash and cash equivalents, of which $345 was attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to our peru and suriname operations. the majority of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in a variety of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. these investments are viewed by management as low-risk investments on which there are little to no restrictions regarding our ability to access the underlying cash to fund our operations as necessary. while we have some investments in prime money market funds at times, these are classified as cash and cash equivalents; however, we continually monitor the need for reclassification under the sec requirements for money market funds, and the potential that the shares of such funds could have a net asset value of less than one dollar. we believe that our liquidity and capital resources are adequate to fund our operations and corporate activities.
at december 31, 2021, $1,421 of cash and cash equivalents was held in foreign subsidiaries and is primarily held in u.s. dollar denominated accounts with the remainder in foreign currencies readily convertible to u.s. dollars. cash and cash equivalents denominated in argentine peso are subject to regulatory restrictions. see foreign currency exchange rates above for further information. at december 31, 2021, $1,161 in consolidated cash and cash equivalents ($824 attributable to newmont) was held at certain foreign subsidiaries that, if repatriated, may be subject to withholding taxes. we expect that there would be no additional tax burden upon repatriation after considering the cash cost associated with any potential withholding taxes.
we believe our existing consolidated cash and cash equivalents, available capacity on our revolving credit facility, and cash generated from continuing operations will be adequate to satisfy working capital needs, fund future growth, meet debt obligations, pay dividends, complete our stock repurchase program and meet other liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. at december 31, 2021, our borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility was $3,000 and we had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. we continue to remain compliant with covenants and there have been no impacts to-date, nor do we anticipate any negative impacts from covid-19, on our ability to access funds available on this facility.
our financial position was as follows:
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility              $3,000                           $2,928
total liquidity (1)                                          $7,992                           $8,468
(1)total liquidity is calculated as the total of our cash and cash equivalents and the borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility.
cash flows net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations was $4,266 in 2021, a decrease in cash provided of $624 from the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher tax payments, partially offset by higher average realized metal prices.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities of continuing operations was $(1,868) in 2021, an increase in cash used of $2,034 from the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to proceeds from the sales of kalgoorlie, red lake and continental gold in 2020, the acquisition of gt gold in 2021, and higher capital expenditures primarily related to development projects in 2021 (see below for further information on the company's capital expenditures).
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities of discontinued operations was $- in 2021, a decrease in cash used of $75 from the year ended december 31, 2020, due to the 2020 payment for the option to acquire mining and mineral rights subject to the holt royalty obligation as part of the kirkland agreement. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(2,958) in 2021, an increase in cash used of $1,278 from the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily due to higher dividends and debt payments in 2021.
capital resources in february 2022, the board declared a dividend of $0.55 per share on fourth quarter 2021 earnings, determined under the dividend framework established and approved by the board in 2020 to share incremental free cash flow with shareholders at higher gold prices. the framework returns 40 to 60 percent of incremental attributable free cash flow to shareholders that is generated above a $1,200 per ounce gold price. this framework is non-binding and is periodically reviewed and reassessed by the board of directors. the declaration and payment of future dividends remains at the full discretion of the board and will depend on the company's financial results, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the board.
in january 2021, the company announced that the board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program for up to $1 billion of common stock to be repurchased in the next 18 months. in february 2022, the board of directors authorized the extension of this program to december 31, 2022. the company's management will continue to evaluate the extent to which the company repurchases its shares, and the timing of such repurchases, based upon a variety of factors, including trading volume, market conditions, legal requirements, business conditions and other factors. through december 31, 2021, we have executed and settled trades totaling $525 of common stock repurchases under the plan.
capital expenditures cash generated from operations is used to execute our capital priorities, which include sustaining and developing our global portfolio of long-lived assets. for example, the board of directors approved full funding for the ahafo north project in africa in july 2021. total capital spend on the ahafo north project is expected to range from $750 to $850, which we expect to fund from existing liquidity and future operating cash flows. we consider sustaining capital as those capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. capital expenditures to develop new operations or related to projects at existing operations, where these projects will enhance production or reserves, are considered non-sustaining or development capital. in addition, the company continues to evaluate strategic priorities and deployment of capital to projects in the pipeline to ensure it executes on its capital priorities and provides long term value. the company's decision to reprioritize, sell or abandon a development project, which may include returning mining concessions to host governments, could result in a future impairment charge.
additionally, in 2020 we announced climate targets to reduce ghg emissions and plans to significantly invest in climate change initiatives in support of this goal, which may be capital in nature. as part of these initiatives, in november 2021, newmont announced a strategic alliance with caterpillar inc. ("cat") with the aim to develop and implement a comprehensive all-electric autonomous mining system to achieve zero emissions mining. newmont plans to provide a preliminary investment of $100 to cat in connection with initial automation and electrification goals for surface and underground mining infrastructures and haulage fleets at newmont's cc&v mine in colorado, usa and tanami mine in northern territory, australia. other investments supporting our climate change initiatives are expected to include emissions reduction projects and renewable energy opportunities as we seek to achieve these climate targets. for risks related to climate-related capital expenditures, see part i, item 1a risk factors.
for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 we had additions to property, plant and mine development as follows:
development projects                  sustaining capital                    total                development projects                  sustaining capital                    total                development projects                  sustaining capital                    total north america                                                  $30                                $309                          $339                            $49                                $269                          $318                            $81                                $295                          $376
for the year ended december 31, 2021, development projects included pamour in north america; yanacocha sulfides, quecher main and cerro negro expansion projects in south america; tanami expansion 2 and power generation civil upgrade in australia; subika mining method change and ahafo north in africa; and goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2020, development projects included musselwhite materials handling, pamour and éléonore lower mine material handling system in north america; quecher main, yanacocha sulfides and emilia in south america; tanami expansion 2 in australia; subika mining method change and ahafo north in africa; and goldrush complex, turquoise ridge 3rd shaft and range front declines at cortez in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2019, development projects included borden, musselwhite materials handling and éléonore lower mine material handling system in north america; quecher main and yanacocha sulfides projects in south america; tanami expansion 2 project in australia; ahafo north, subika underground, and the ahafo mill expansion in africa; and goldrush complex and turquoise ridge joint venture 3rd shaft in nevada.
for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, sustaining capital included the following:
•north america. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction, mining equipment and capitalized component purchases;
•south america. capital expenditures primarily related to capitalized component purchases, mining equipment, reserves drilling conversion, underground mine development, tailings facility construction and infrastructure improvements;
•australia. capital expenditures primarily related to haul truck purchases for the autonomous haulage system, equipment and capitalized component purchases, underground mine development and tailings, water storage and support facilities;
•africa. capital expenditures primarily related to underground mine development, capitalized component purchases, water treatment plant construction and tailings facility expansion; and
•nevada. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction and equipment and capitalized component purchases.
during 2021, 2020 and 2019, $156, $117 and $112, respectively, of drilling and related costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. these capitalized costs included $18 at north america, $38 at south america, $74 at australia, $5 at africa and $21 at nevada in 2021; $9 at north america, $15 at south america, $72 at australia, $4 at africa and $17 at nevada in 2020; and $23 at north america, $20 at south america, $51 at australia, $11 at africa and $7 at nevada in 2019.
during 2021, 2020 and 2019, $-, $-, and $43, respectively, of pre-stripping costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. pre-stripping costs included the quecher main project at yanacocha in south america and south arturo in nevada in 2019.
refer to our global project pipeline discussion above for additional details. refer to note 4 to our consolidated financial statement and "non-gaap financial measures" within part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis for further information.
debt depending upon market conditions and strategic considerations, we may choose to refinance debt in the capital markets.
debt and corporate revolving credit facilities. in march 2020, we completed a public offering of $1,000 of 2.25% 2030 senior notes that yielded $985 in net proceeds, which were used together with existing cash and cash equivalents, to repurchase portions of our 3.50% 2022 senior notes and 3.70% 2023 senior notes.
in march 2021, the company entered into an agreement to amend certain terms of the existing $3,000 revolving credit agreement dated april 4, 2019. as part of the amended terms to the revolving credit agreement, the interest rate includes a margin adjustment based on certain of the company's esg scores. the maximum adjustment resulting from the esg scores is plus or minus 0.05% and would not be expected to have a material impact on interest expense, net of capitalized interest.
in december 2021, we completed a public offering totaling $1,000 of 2.60% 2032 senior notes that yielded $992 in net proceeds. the coupon of the notes is linked to newmont's performance against key esg commitments regarding 2030 emissions reduction targets and the representation of women in senior leadership roles target. the maximum adjustment resulting from not achieving the esg targets would be a 0.60% increase to the stated coupon beginning in 2031, which is not expected to have a material impact on interest expense, net of capitalized interest. the proceeds were used to repurchase portions of our 3.70% 2023 senior notes for a redemption price of $246.
following the january 2022 redemption of all of the outstanding 2023 goldcorp notes, our future debt maturities include $5,624 that mature beginning in 2029. see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. we generally expect to be able to fund maturities of debt from net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, current investments, existing cash balances and available credit facilities.
debt covenants our senior notes and revolving credit facility contain various covenants and default provisions including payment defaults, limitation on liens, leases, sales and leaseback agreements and merger restrictions. furthermore, our senior notes and corporate revolving credit facility contain covenants that include, limiting the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, certain change of control provisions and a negative pledge on certain assets.
the corporate revolving credit facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring us to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50% in addition to the covenants noted above.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we were in compliance with all existing debt covenants and provisions related to potential defaults.
letters of credit and other guarantees in september 2013, the company entered into a committed letter of credit facility agreement ("lc agreement") with bnp paribas, new york branch ("bnp") which established a $175 letter of credit facility for a three year period, subsequently extended to september 30, 2020, to support reclamation obligations. in september 2020, the lc agreement terminated and the company entered into an uncommitted letter of credit facility agreement with bnp which established a $175 uncommitted letter of credit facility that is extended on a month-to-month basis to support reclamation obligations.
we have off-balance sheet arrangements of $1,927 of outstanding surety bonds, bank letters of credit and bank guarantees (see note 26 to the consolidated financial statements). at december 31, 2021, $- of the $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility was used to secure the issuance of letters of credit.
supplemental guarantor information the company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec on form s-3 under the securities act, of 1933, as amended, which enables us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, debt securities, guarantees of debt securities, warrants and units (the "shelf registration statement"). under the shelf registration statement, our debt securities may be guaranteed by newmont usa limited ("newmont usa"), one of our consolidated subsidiaries (newmont, as issuer, and newmont usa, as guarantor, are collectively referred to here-within as the "obligor group"). these guarantees are full and unconditional, and none of our other subsidiaries guarantee any security issued and outstanding. the cash provided by operations of the obligor group, and all of its subsidiaries, is available to satisfy debt repayments as they become due, and there are no material restrictions on the ability of the obligor group to obtain funds from subsidiaries by dividend, loan, or otherwise, except to the extent of any rights noncontrolling interests, foreign currency or regulatory restrictions limiting repatriation of cash. net assets attributable to noncontrolling interests were $(209) at december 31, 2021. all noncontrolling interests relate to non-guarantor subsidiaries.
newmont and newmont usa are primarily holding companies with no material operations, sources of income or assets other than equity interest in their subsidiaries and intercompany receivables or payables. newmont usa's primary investments are comprised of its 38.5% interest in ngm and 51.35% interest in yanacocha. for further information regarding these and our other operations, refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements and part i, item 2, management's discussion and analysis, results of consolidated operations.
in addition to equity interests in subsidiaries, the obligor group's balance sheets consisted primarily of the following intercompany assets, intercompany liabilities and external debt. the remaining assets and liabilities of the obligor group are considered immaterial at december 31, 2021.
current intercompany liabilities           $11,052                      $1,963
under the terms of the subsidiary guarantees, holders of newmont's securities subject to such subsidiary guarantees will not be required to exercise their remedies against newmont before they proceed directly against newmont usa.
newmont usa will be released and relieved from all its obligations under the subsidiary guarantees in certain specified circumstances, including, but not limited to, the following:
•upon the sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of a majority of the total voting power of the capital stock or other interests of newmont usa (other than to newmont or any of newmont's affiliates);
•upon the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of newmont usa (other than to newmont or any of newmont's affiliates); or
newmont's debt securities are effectively junior to any secured indebtedness of newmont to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all debt and other liabilities of newmont's non-guarantor subsidiaries. at december 31, 2021, (i) newmont's total consolidated indebtedness was approximately $6,302, none of which was secured (other than $650 of lease and other financing obligations), and (ii) newmont's non-guarantor subsidiaries had $5,845 of total liabilities (including trade payables, but excluding intercompany, external debt and reclamation and remediation liabilities), which would have been structurally senior to newmont's debt securities.
remediation and reclamation liabilities (3)                  7,252                         252                        7,000
employee-related benefits (4)                                1,058                         128                          930
uncertain income tax liabilities and interest (5)              336                           -                          336
(2)finance lease and other financing obligations includes finance lease payments of $835 and additional payments of $42 for finance leases that have not yet commenced.
(3)mining operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. pursuant to environmental regulations, we are required to close our operations and reclaim and remediate the lands that operations have disturbed. the estimated undiscounted cash outflows of these reclamation and remediation liabilities are reflected here. for more information regarding reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
(4)contractual obligations for employee-related benefits include severance, workers' participation, pension and other benefit plans. pension plan and other benefit payments beyond 2031 cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions and actuarial assumptions and are not included.
(5)we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of our uncertain income tax liabilities and interest payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(6)operating lease and other obligations includes operating lease payments of $151 and additional payments of $4 for operating leases that have not yet commenced.
(8)purchase obligations are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for purchase of power, materials and supplies, consumables, inventories and capital projects.
(9)other includes service contracts and other obligations not recorded in our consolidated financial statements, as well as the norte abierto and galore creek deferred payment obligations accrued in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities.
environmental our mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. we have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. we perform a comprehensive review of our reclamation and remediation liabilities annually and review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. notably, newmont is committed to the implementation of the global industry standard on tailings management ("gistm") and all tailing storage facilities are expected to be in conformance with the gistm by 2025. compliance with gistm remains on-going and has and may continue to result in further increases to our estimated closure costs. additionally, laws, regulations and permit requirements focused on water management and discharge requirements for operations and water treatment in connection with closure are becoming increasingly stringent. compliance with water management and discharge quality remains dynamic and has and may continue to result in further increases to our estimated closure costs.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, $5,768 and $3,719, respectively, were accrued for reclamation costs relating to currently or recently producing or development stage mineral properties, of which $213 and $164, respectively, were classified as current liabilities.
in addition, we are involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former, primarily historic, mining activities. based upon our best estimate of our liability for these matters, $344 and $313 were accrued for such obligations at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $60 and $50, respectively, were classified as current liabilities. we spent $43, $25 and $31 during 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, for environmental obligations related to the former mining activities.
reclamation and remediation adjustments during 2021 primarily related to (i) increased water treatment costs at portions of our yanacocha site operation that are no longer in production and with no expected substantive future economic value and (ii) higher estimated closure costs at various other non-operating sites arising from recent tailings management review and monitoring requirements set forth by gistm. reclamation and remediation adjustments during 2020 primarily related to increased lime consumption and water treatment costs at non-operating yanacocha sites and updated project cost estimates at inactive porcupine sites and midnite mine and dawn mill sites.
during the year ended 2021, 2020, and 2019, capital expenditures were approximately $13, $23, and $65, respectively, to comply with environmental regulations.
for more information on the company's reclamation and remediation liabilities, see notes 6 and 26 to the consolidated financial statements. for discussion of regulatory, tailings, water, climate and other environmental risks, see part i, item 1a. risk factors, for additional information.
forward-looking statements the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. for a more detailed discussion of risks and other factors that might impact forward-looking statements and other important information about forward-looking statements, see the discussion in forward-looking statements in item 1, business and item 1a, risk factors.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. unless otherwise noted, we present the non-gaap financial measures of our continuing operations in the tables below. for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization management uses earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and ebitda adjusted for non-core or certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period ("adjusted ebitda") as non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's operating performance. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, net income (loss), operating income (loss), or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by gaap, and do not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. although adjusted ebitda and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements by other companies, our calculation of adjusted ebitda is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies. the company believes that adjusted ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. management's determination of the components of adjusted ebitda are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to ebitda and adjusted ebitda as follows:
equity loss (income) of affiliates                                                            (166)                       (189)                     (95)
income and mining tax expense (benefit)                                                       1,098                         704                      832
ebitda                                                                                       $3,705                      $5,751                   $5,954
adjusted ebitda (16)                                                                         $5,963                      $5,537                   $3,734
(1)for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to the reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former operating properties and historic mining operations that have entered the closure phase and have no substantive future economic value. for additional information, see note 6 in the consolidated financial statements.
(3)loss on assets held for sale, included in loss on assets held for sale, represents the loss recognized due to the reclassification of the conga mill assets as held for sale during the third quarter of 2021. the assets were remeasured to fair value less costs to sell. for additional information, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)gain on asset and investment sales, included in gain on asset and investment sales, net, primarily represents the gain on the sale of the kalgoorlie power business, gain on the ngm lone tree and south arturo exchange transaction, and gain on the sale of tmac in 2021; gains on the sale of kalgoorlie and continental and a gain on the sale of certain royalty interests to maverix in 2020; and a gain on the sale of exploration land in 2019. for additional information, see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)change in fair value of investments, included in other income (loss), net, primarily represents unrealized gains and losses related to the company's investments in current and non-current marketable and other equity securities. for additional information regarding our investments, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)impairment of long-lived and other assets, included in other expense, net represents non-cash write-downs of various assets that are no longer in use and materials and supplies inventories.
(8)settlement costs, included in other expense, net, primarily represents a voluntary contribution made to the republic of suriname in 2021; costs related to the ecological tax obligation at peñasquito in mexico, mineral interest settlements at ahafo and akyem in africa, the cedros community agreement at peñasquito in mexico, a water related settlement at yanacocha in peru and other related costs in 2020; and certain costs associated with legal and other settlements for 2019.
(9)restructuring and severance, included in other expense, net, primarily represents severance and related costs associated with significant organizational and operating model changes implemented by the company for all periods presented.
(10)covid-19 specific costs, included in other expense, net, represents incremental direct costs incurred as a result of actions taken to protect against the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and, in 2021, primarily include amounts distributed from newmont global community support fund to help host communities, governments and employees combat the covid-19 pandemic. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(16)adjusted ebitda has not been adjusted for $8 and $178 of cash care and maintenance costs, included in care and maintenance, which primarily represent costs incurred associated with certain mine sites being temporarily placed into care and maintenance in response to the covid-19 pandemic for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
additionally, the company uses pueblo viejo ebitda as a non-gaap measure to evaluate the operating performance of its investment in the pueblo viejo mine. pueblo viejo ebitda does not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, equity income (loss) of affiliates, as defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash distributions from pueblo viejo will match pueblo viejo ebitda or earnings from affiliates. although the company has the ability to exert significant influence, it does not have direct control over the operations or resulting revenues and expenses, nor does it proportionately consolidate its investment in pueblo viejo. the company believes that pueblo viejo ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating the operating results of its investment in pueblo viejo, in the same manner as management and the board of directors. equity income (loss) of affiliates is reconciled to pueblo viejo ebitda as follows:
equity income (loss) of affiliates                                                              $166                      $189                    $95
equity (income) loss of affiliates, excluding pueblo viejo (1)                                     -                         4                     29
equity income (loss) of affiliates, pueblo viejo (1)                                             166                       193                    124
income and mining tax expense (benefit)                                                          145                       169                     69
pueblo viejo ebitda                                                                             $420                      $434                   $245
management uses adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate the company's operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations. the company believes the use of adjusted net income (loss) allows investors and analysts to understand the results of the continuing operations of the company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries relating to the sale of products, by excluding certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. adjustments to continuing operations are presented before tax and net of our partners' noncontrolling interests, when applicable. the tax effect of adjustments is presented in the tax effect of adjustments line and is calculated using the applicable regional tax rate. management's determination of the components of adjusted net income (loss) are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to adjusted net income (loss) as follows:
(2)for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)loss on assets held for sale, net, included in loss on assets held for sale, represents the loss recognized due to the reclassification of the conga mill assets as held for sale during the third quarter of 2021. the assets were remeasured to fair value less costs to sell. amounts are presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(199). for additional information, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)gain on asset and investment sales, included in gain on asset and investment sales, net, primarily represents the gain on the sale of the kalgoorlie power business, gain on the ngm lone tree and south arturo exchange, and gain on the sale of tmac. for additional information, see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)change in fair value of investments, included in other income (loss), net, primarily represents unrealized gains and losses related to the company's investment in current and non-current marketable and other equity securities. for additional information regarding our investments, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
(7)impairment of long-lived and other assets, included in other expense, net represents non-cash write-downs of various assets that are no longer in use and materials and supplies inventories.
(10)restructuring and severance, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents severance and related costs associated with significant organizational and operating model changes implemented by the company. amounts are presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(2).
(11)covid-19 specific costs, included in other expense, net, represents incremental direct costs incurred as a result of actions taken to protect against the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and primarily include amounts distributed from the newmont global community fund to help host communities, governments and employees combat the covid-19 pandemic. adjusted net income (loss) has not been adjusted for $82 of incremental covid-19 costs incurred as a result of actions taken to protect against the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic at our operational sites. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(14)the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (13), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(15)valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), is recorded for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses, disallowed foreign losses, and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. the adjustment reflects the net increase or (decrease) to net operating losses, capital losses, tax credit carryovers, and other deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance of $419, the expiration of u.s. capital loss carryovers of $152, the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities of $(17), net additions to the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $99, and other tax adjustments of $5. total amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(327).
(16)adjusted net income (loss) has not been adjusted for $8 of cash and $3 of non-cash care and maintenance costs, included in care and maintenance and depreciation and amortization, respectively, which represent costs associated with our tanami site being temporarily placed into care and maintenance in response to the covid-19 pandemic during the year ended december 31, 2021, respectively.
(17)adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
(2)for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)(gain) loss on asset and investment sales, included in gain on asset and investment sales, net, primarily represents gains on the sale of kalgoorlie and continental and a gain on the sale of royalty interests to maverix. for additional information, see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)change in fair value of investments, included in other income (loss), net, primarily represents unrealized gains and losses related to the company's investment in current and non-current marketable and other equity securities. for additional information regarding our investments, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)reclamation and remediation charges, net, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to remediation plans at the company's former operating properties and historic mining operations that have entered the closure phase and have no substantive future economic value, including adjustments related to increased lime consumption and water treatment costs at inactive yanacocha sites and updated project cost estimates at inactive porcupine sites, the midnite mine site and dawn mill site. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(53).
(10)settlement costs, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents costs related to the ecological tax obligation at peñasquito in mexico, mineral interest settlements at ahafo and akyem in africa, the cedros community agreement at peñasquito in mexico, a water related settlement at yanacocha in peru and other related costs. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(3).
(11)impairment of long-lived and other assets, included in other expense, net, represents non-cash write-downs of various assets that are no longer in use.
(13)restructuring and severance, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents severance and related costs associated with significant organizational and operating model changes implemented by the company. amounts are presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(14)the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (13), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(15)valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), is recorded for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses, disallowed foreign losses, and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. the adjustment is due to the benefit recognized on the sale of kalgoorlie and related tax capital loss of $(353), net increase or (decrease) to net operating losses, tax credit carryovers and other deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance of $186, the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities of $(98), net reductions to the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $(21) and other tax adjustments of $39. total amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(62).
(16)adjusted net income (loss) has not been adjusted for $165 of cash and $85 of non-cash care and maintenance costs, included in care and maintenance and depreciation and amortization, respectively, which primarily represent costs associated with our musselwhite, éléonore, peñasquito, yanacocha and cerro negro sites being temporarily placed into care and maintenance in response to the covid-19 pandemic during a portion of the year ended december 31, 2020, respectively. amounts are presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $13 and $3, respectively.
(17)adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
(2)for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)change in fair value of investments, included in other income (loss), net, primarily represents unrealized gains and losses related to the company's investment in current and non-current marketable and other equity securities and our investment instruments in continental.
(6)reclamation and remediation charges, net, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to remediation plans at the company's former operating properties and historic mining operations that have entered the closure phase and have no substantive future economic value, including adjustments related to updated water management costs at inactive yanacocha sites, updated project cost estimates at the mule canyon and northumberland mine sites and a review of the project cost estimates at the midnite and dawn remediation site, as well as increased water management costs at the con mine. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(21).
(10)restructuring and severance, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with severance and legal costs. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(11)settlement costs, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with legal and other settlements.
(12)impairment of long-lived and other assets, net, included in impairment of long-lived and other assets, represents non-cash write-downs of various assets that are no longer in use. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(14)the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (13), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(15)valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), is recorded for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses, disallowed foreign losses, and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. the adjustment is due to a net increase or (decrease) to net operating losses, tax credit carryovers and other deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance of $(262), the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities of $(95), the effects related to the amendment of the 2014 u.s. federal income tax return and related carrybacks of $150, additions to the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $70, the expiration of u.s. capital loss carryovers of $34, and other tax adjustments of $28. total amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(9).
(16)adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
free cash flow management uses free cash flow as a non-gaap measure to analyze cash flows generated from operations. free cash flow is net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations less additions to property, plant and mine development as presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows. the company believes free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing the company's performance with its competitors. although free cash flow and similar measures are frequently used as measures of cash flows generated from operations by other companies, the company's calculation of free cash flow is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies.
the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of the company's performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. the company's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, the company believes it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to the company's consolidated statements of cash flows.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, which the company believes to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash provided by (used in) investing activities and net cash provided by (used in) financing activities.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                               $4,279                        $4,882                        $2,866
less: net cash used in (provided by) operating activities of discontinued operations                (13)                             8                            10
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations                       4,266                         4,890                         2,876
less: additions to property, plant and mine development                                          (1,653)                       (1,302)                       (1,463)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1)                                         $(1,868)                           $91                      $(1,226)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                             $(2,958)                      $(1,680)                      $(2,777)
(1)net cash provided by (used in) investing activities includes additions to property, plant and mine development, which is included in the company's computation of free cash flow.
costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by dividing the costs applicable to sales of gold and other metals by gold ounces or gold equivalent ounces sold, respectively. these measures are calculated for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently.
(1)includes by-product credits of $187, $128 and $91 in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
(2)includes by-product credits of $7, $2 and $3 in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
all-in sustaining costs newmont has developed a metric that expands on gaap measures, such as cost of goods sold, and non-gaap measures, such as costs applicable to sales per ounce, to provide visibility into the economics of our mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance and the ability to generate cash flow from our continuing operations.
current gaap measures used in the mining industry, such as cost of goods sold, do not capture all of the expenditures incurred to discover, develop and sustain production. therefore, we believe that all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap measure that provides additional information to management, investors and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and performance compared to other producers and provides investors visibility by better defining the total costs associated with production.
all-in sustaining cost ("aisc") amounts are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently as a result of differences in the underlying accounting principles, policies applied and in accounting frameworks such as in international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"), or by reflecting the benefit from selling non-gold metals as a reduction to aisc. differences may also arise related to definitional differences of sustaining versus development (i.e. non-sustaining) activities based upon each company's internal policies.
costs applicable to sales. includes all direct and indirect costs related to current production incurred to execute the current mine plan. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual amounts from costs applicable to sales ("cas"), such as significant revisions to recovery amounts. cas includes by-product credits from certain metals obtained during the process of extracting and processing the primary ore-body. cas is accounted for on an accrual basis and excludes depreciation and amortization and reclamation and remediation, which is consistent with our presentation of cas on the consolidated statements of operations. in determining aisc, only the cas associated with producing and selling an ounce of gold is included in the measure. therefore, the amount of gold cas included in aisc is derived from the cas presented in the company's consolidated statements of operations less the amount of cas attributable to the production of other metals. the other metals' cas at those mine sites is disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. the allocation of cas between gold and other metals is based upon the relative sales value of gold and other metals produced during the period.
reclamation costs. includes accretion expense related to reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the related asset retirement cost ("arc") for the company's operating properties. accretion related to the reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the arc assets for reclamation does not reflect annual cash outflows but are calculated in accordance with gaap. the accretion and amortization reflect the periodic costs of reclamation associated with current production and are therefore included in the measure. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals.
advanced projects, research and development and exploration. includes incurred expenses related to projects that are designed to sustain current production and exploration. we note that as current resources are depleted, exploration and advanced projects are necessary for us to replace the depleting reserves or enhance the recovery and processing of the current reserves to sustain production at existing operations. as these costs relate to sustaining our production, and are considered a continuing cost of a mining company, these costs are included in the aisc measure. these costs are derived from the advanced projects, research and development and exploration amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations less incurred expenses related to the development of new operations, or related to major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation in the future. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals. we also allocate these costs incurred at the other north america, other australia and corporate and other locations using the proportion of cas between gold and other metals.
general and administrative. includes costs related to administrative tasks not directly related to current production, but rather related to support our corporate structure and fulfill our obligations to operate as a public company. including these expenses in the aisc metric provides visibility of the impact that general and administrative activities have on current operations and profitability on a per ounce basis. we allocate these costs to gold and other metals at the other north america, other australia and corporate and other locations using the proportion of cas between gold and other metals.
care and maintenance and other expense, net. care and maintenance primarily includes direct operating costs incurred at the mine sites during the period that these sites were temporarily placed into care and maintenance in response to the covid-19 pandemic. for other expense, net we exclude certain exceptional or unusual expenses, such as restructuring, as these are not indicative to sustaining our current operations. furthermore, this adjustment to other expense, net is also consistent with the nature of the adjustments made to net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders as disclosed in the company's non-gaap financial measure adjusted net income (loss). the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals.
sustaining capital and finance lease payments. we determined sustaining capital and finance lease payments as those capital expenditures and finance lease payments that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. we determined development (i.e. non-sustaining) capital expenditures and finance lease payments to be those payments used to develop new operations or related to projects at existing operations where those projects will materially benefit the operation and are excluded from the calculation of aisc. the classification of sustaining and development capital projects and finance leases is based on a systematic review of our project portfolio in light of the nature of each project. sustaining capital and finance lease payments are relevant to the aisc metric as these are needed to maintain the company's current operations and provide improved transparency related to our ability to finance these expenditures from current operations. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals. we also allocate these costs incurred at the other north america, other australia and corporate and other locations using the proportion of cas between gold and other metals.
year ended                                           costs applicable to sales(1)(2)(3)                reclamation costs(4)                advanced projects, research and development and exploration(5)                general and administrative                 care and maintenance and other expense, net(6)(7)(8)                 treatment and refining costs                 sustaining capital and lease related costs(9)(10)                all-in sustaining costs                ounces (000) sold                all-in sustaining costs per oz.(11)
musselwhite                                                           157                                        2                                                               7                                                     -                                                           1                                                    -                                                         39                                             206                                154                                        1,335
peñasquito                                                            395                                        6                                                               1                                                     -                                                           7                                                   31                                                         65                                             505                                720                                          702
peñasquito                                                           $664                                       $9                                                              $2                                                    $1                                                         $11                                                 $115                                                       $106                                            $908                              1,100                                         $824
(2)includes by-product credits of $194 and excludes co-product revenues of $1,679.
(5)advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $9 at cc&v, $4 at porcupine, $3 at éléonore, $5 at peñasquito, $5 at other north america, $12 at yanacocha, $6 at merian, $9 at cerro negro, $34 at other south america, $19 at tanami, $16
at other australia, $17 at ahafo, $6 at akyem, $17 at ngm and $10 at corporate and other, totaling $172 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(6)care and maintenance includes $8 at tanami of cash care and maintenance costs associated with the site temporarily being placed into care and maintenance or operating at reduced levels in response to the covid-19 pandemic, during the period ended december 31, 2021 that we would have continued to incur if the site was not temporarily placed into care and maintenance.
(7)other expense, net includes incremental covid-19 costs incurred as a result of actions taken to protect against the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic at our operational sites of $23 for north america, $46 for south america, $8 for australia and $5 for africa, totaling $82.
(9)includes sustaining capital expenditures of $309 for north america, $127 for south america, $228 for australia, $125 for africa, $171 for nevada, and $25 for corporate and other, totaling $985 and excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and the change in accrued capital totaling $668. the following are major development projects: pamour, yanacocha sulfides, quecher main, cerro negro expansion projects, tanami expansion 2, power generation civil upgrade, subika mining method change, ahafo north, goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft.
year ended                                           costs applicable to sales(1)(2)(3)                reclamation costs(4)                advanced projects, research and development and exploration(5)                general and administrative                 care and maintenance and other expense, net(6)(7)                 treatment and refining costs                  sustaining capital and lease related costs(8)(9)                all-in sustaining costs                ounces (000) sold                 all-in sustaining costsper oz.(10)
musselwhite                                                           117                                        2                                                               7                                                     -                                                        25                                                   -                                                         27                                             178                                 97                                        1,838
peñasquito                                                            286                                        4                                                               -                                                     -                                                        20                                                  48                                                         53                                             411                                512                                          806
peñasquito                                                           $499                                       $7                                                              $1                                                    $-                                                       $19                                                $142                                                       $106                                            $774                                934                                         $828
(2)includes by-product credits of $130 and excludes co-product revenues of $1,147.
(5)advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $4 at cc&v, $3 at porcupine, $1 at éléonore, $2 at peñasquito, $4 at other north america, $3 at yanacocha, $7 at merian, $2 at cerro negro, $28 at other south america, $6 at tanami, $15 at other australia, $20 at ahafo, $8 at akyem, $3 at other africa, $19 at ngm and $9 at corporate and other, totaling $134 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(6)care and maintenance includes $28 at musselwhite, $26 at éléonore, $38 at peñasquito, $27 at yanacocha, $56 at cerro negro and $3 at other south america of cash care and maintenance costs associated with the sites temporarily being placed into care and maintenance or operating at reduced levels in response to the covid-19 pandemic, during the period ended december 31, 2020 that we would have continued to incur if the sites were not temporarily placed into care and maintenance.
(8)includes sustaining capital expenditures of $269 for north america, $111 for south america, $248 for australia, $103 for africa, $160 for nevada, and $42 for corporate and other, totaling $933 and excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and the change in accrued capital totaling $369. the following are major development projects: musselwhite materials handling, pamour, éléonore lower mine material handling system, quecher main, yanacocha sulfides, emilia, tanami expansion 2, subika mining method change, ahafo north, goldrush complex, turquoise ridge 3rd shaft and range front declines at cortez.
year ended                                           costs applicable to sales(1)(2)(3)                reclamation costs(4)                  advanced projects, research and development and exploration (5)                general and administrative                 other expense, net (6)                 treatment and refining costs                  sustaining capital and lease related costs(7)(8)                all-in sustaining costs                ounces (000) sold                  all-in sustaining costsper oz.(9)
musselwhite                                                            13                                        2                                                                 6                                                      -                                       -                                          -                                                         25                                              46                                  6                                        8,174
peñasquito                                                            116                                        2                                                                 -                                                      -                                       -                                          2                                                         39                                             159                                144                                        1,100
peñasquito                                                           $387                                       $7                                                                $3                                                     $-                                      $7                                        $66                                                       $116                                            $586                                438                                       $1,339
(2)includes by-product credits of $94 and excludes co-product revenues of $691.
(5)advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $7 at cc&v, $1 at musselwhite, $10 at porcupine, $4 at éléonore, $3 at peñasquito, $4 at other north america, $14 at yanacocha, $7 at merian, $9 at cerro negro, $40 at other south america, $3 at tanami, $3 at kalgoorlie, $20 at other australia, $13 at ahafo, $11 at akyem, $4 at other africa, $10 at ngm, $6 at carlin, $1 at phoenix, $2 at twin creeks, $12 at long canyon, $2 at other nevada and $35 at corporate and other, totaling $221 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(7)includes sustaining capital expenditures of $295 for north america, $124 for south america, $185 for australia, $123 for africa, $207 for nevada and $21 for corporate and other, totaling $955 and excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and the increase in accrued capital totaling $508. the following are major development projects: borden, musselwhite materials handling, éléonore lower mine material handling system, quecher main, yanacocha sulfides, tanami expansion 2, ahafo north, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion, goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft.
critical accounting estimates our discussion of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the information reported in our consolidated financial statements. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements. we have identified the accounting estimates listed below as critical to understanding and evaluating the financial results reported in our consolidated financial statements. these accounting estimates require the application of significant management judgment and are critical due to the significant level of estimation uncertainty regarding the assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. we base our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and various other sources that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. we review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly, including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates, to ensure compliance with u.s. gaap. however, due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates, actual results may materially differ from the estimates we calculate due to changes in circumstances, global economics and politics, and general business conditions. a summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
depreciation and amortization expenditures for new facilities or equipment and expenditures that extend the useful lives of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to amortize such costs over the estimated future lives of such facilities or equipment and their components. facilities and equipment acquired as a part of a finance lease, build-to-suit or other financing arrangement are recorded based on the contractual lease terms. the facilities and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to depreciate such costs over the lesser of the lease terms or the estimated productive lives of such facilities. these lives do not exceed the estimated mine life based on proven and probable reserves as the useful lives of these assets are considered to be limited to the life of the relevant mine.
costs incurred to develop new properties are capitalized as incurred where it has been determined that the property can be economically developed based on the existence of proven and probable reserves. at our surface mines, these costs include costs to further delineate the ore body and remove overburden to initially expose the ore body. at our underground mines, these costs include the cost of building access ways, shaft sinking and access, lateral development, drift development, ramps and infrastructure development. all such costs are amortized using the units-of-production ("uop") method over the estimated life of the ore body based on estimated recoverable ounces or pounds to be produced from proven and probable reserves.
major mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production, that are capitalized, are amortized using the uop method based on estimated recoverable ounces or pounds to be produced from proven and probable reserves. to the extent that such costs benefit the entire ore body, they are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of the entire ore body. costs incurred to access specific ore blocks or areas that only provide benefit over the life of that block or area are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of that specific ore block or area.
capitalized asset retirement costs incurred are amortized according to how the related assets are being depreciated. open pit and underground mining costs are amortized using the uop method based on recoverable ounces by source. other costs, including leaching facilities, tailing facilities, and mills and other infrastructure costs, are amortized using the straight-line method over the same estimated future lives of the associated assets.
the calculation of the uop rate of amortization, and therefore the annual amortization charge to operations, could be materially impacted to the extent that actual production in the future is different from current forecasts of production based on proven and probable reserves. this would generally occur to the extent that there were significant changes in any of the factors or assumptions used in determining reserves. these changes could include: (i) an expansion of proven and probable reserves through exploration activities; (ii) differences between estimated and actual costs of production, due to differences in grade, metal recovery rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and (iii) differences between actual commodity prices and commodity price assumptions used in the estimation of reserves. if reserves decreased significantly, amortization charged to operations would increase; conversely, if reserves increased significantly, amortization charged to operations would decrease. such changes in reserves could similarly impact the useful lives of assets depreciated on a straight-line basis, where those lives are limited to the life of the mine, which in turn is limited to the life of the proven and probable reserves.
carrying value of stockpiles stockpiles represent ore that has been extracted from the mine and is available for further processing. mine sequencing may result in mining material at a faster rate than can be processed. we generally process the highest ore grade material first to maximize metal production; however, a blend of ore stockpiles may be processed to balance hardness and/or metallurgy in order to maximize throughput and recovery. processing of lower grade stockpiled ore may continue after mining operations are completed. sulfide copper ores are subject to oxidation over time which can reduce expected future recoveries. stockpiles are measured by estimating the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile, the number of contained ounces or pounds (based on assay data), and the estimated metallurgical recovery rates (based on the expected processing method). stockpile ore tonnages are verified by periodic surveys. costs are added to stockpiles based on current mining costs, including applicable overhead and depreciation and amortization relating to mining operations and removed at each stockpile's average cost per recoverable unit as material is processed.
we record stockpiles at the lower of average cost or net realizable value, and carrying values are evaluated at least quarterly. net realizable value represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals price assumptions that are applied to expected short-term (12 months or less) and long-term sales from stockpiles, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles include declines in short-term or long-term metals prices, increases in costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized mineral grades and recovery rates. the significant assumption in determining the stockpile net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2021 is a long-term gold price of $1,500 per ounce. a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the stockpiles.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as long-term commodity prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of stockpiles. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
estimates of recoverable ore on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade of ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage (based on ore type). in general, leach pads recover between 50% and 95% of the recoverable ounces in the first year of leaching, declining each year thereafter until the leaching process is complete.
although the quantities of recoverable metal placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the grades of ore placed on pads to the quantities of metal actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. as a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. historically, our operating results have not been materially impacted by variations between the estimated and actual recoverable quantities of metal on our leach pads. variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted for on a prospective basis. the significant assumption in determining the net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2021 is a long-term gold price of $1,500 per ounce. a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the leach pads.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as a long-term metal prices. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on leach pads to net realizable value.
carrying value of long-lived assets we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. significant negative industry or economic trends, adverse social or political developments, declines in our market capitalization, geo-technical difficulties, reduced estimates of future cash flows from our reporting segments or other disruptions to our business are a few examples of events that we monitor, as they could indicate that the carrying value of the company's long-lived assets, including development projects, may not be recoverable. in such cases, a recoverability test may be necessary to determine if an impairment charge is required.
for development projects, including our conga project which is discussed further below, we review and evaluate changes to project plans and timing to determine continued technical, economic and social viability of the projects. if the company determines to sell or abandon a project due to uncertainty from changes in circumstances related to technical, economic, social, political or community factors, or other evolving circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, then a recoverability test is performed to determine if an impairment charge should be recorded.
an impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated fair value of the long-lived assets being tested for impairment and their carrying amounts. fair value is typically determined through the use of an income approach utilizing estimates of discounted pre-tax future cash flows or a market approach utilizing recent transaction activity for comparable properties. these approaches are primarily considered level 3 fair value measurements. occasionally, such as when an asset is held for sale, market prices are used. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use.
the estimated undiscounted cash flows used to assess recoverability of long-lived assets and to measure the fair value of our mining operations are derived from current business plans, which are developed using short-term price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and our projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to short- and long-term metal price assumptions, other assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable reserve estimates; estimated future closure costs; and the use of appropriate discount rates.
the significant assumption in determining the future cash flows for each mine site at december 31, 2021 is a long-term gold price of $1,500 per ounce. a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption could result in an impairment of our long-lived assets, including goodwill, of up to approximately $2,500 before consideration of other value beyond proven and probable reserves which may significantly decrease the amount of any potential impairment charge.
other assumptions include proven and probable mineral reserve estimates, value beyond proven and probable reserve estimates, the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves, commodity-based and other input costs, future closure costs and discount rates unique to each operation, as well as a long-term metal prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. refer to quantitative and qualitative disclosures.
as discussed above under depreciation and amortization, various factors could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted production schedules from proven and probable reserves which could impact the carrying value of our long-lived assets. the ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified measured, indicated and inferred resources could ultimately be mined economically. assets classified as exploration potential have the highest level of risk that the carrying value of the asset can be ultimately realized, due to the still lower level of geological confidence and economic modeling.
events that could result in additional impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in future metal prices, unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates, increases in future closure costs, and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site cash flows.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in a business acquisition. goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment annually as of december 31, 2021 and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. each operating mine is considered a distinct reporting unit for purposes of goodwill impairment testing.
the company may elect to perform a qualitative assessment when it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is higher than its carrying value. if the company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. the fair value of a reporting unit is determined using either the income approach utilizing estimates of discounted future cash flows or the market valuation approach utilizing recent transaction activity for comparable properties. these approaches are considered level 3 fair value measurements. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. any impairment loss recognized in the current period is not reversed in the future periods. the company recognizes its pro rata share of goodwill and any subsequent goodwill impairment losses recorded by entities that are proportionately consolidated.
when the income approach is utilized to determine fair value, the estimated cash flows used to assess the fair value of a reporting unit are derived from the company's current business plans, which are developed using short-term price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. the significant assumption in determining the future cash flows for each mine site at december 31, 2021 is a long-term gold price of $1,500 per ounce. in addition to short- and long-term metal price assumptions, other assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable estimates; and the use of appropriate discount rates.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. for testing purposes of our reporting units, management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units include, but are not limited to, such items as: (i) a decrease in forecasted production levels if we are unable to realize the mineable reserves, resources and exploration potential at our mining properties and extend the life of mine (ii) increased production or capital costs (iii) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions including the market price of metals and changes in the equity and debt markets or country specific factors which could result in higher discount rates, (iv) significant unfavorable changes in tax rates including increased corporate income or mining tax rates, and (v) negative changes in regulation, legislation, and political environments which could impact our ability to operate in the future. while historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units equal to or in excess of carrying values, if our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future.
carrying value of conga we review and evaluate the company's conga development project for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we have considered a variety of technical, economic, social and political developments related to the conga project during our evaluation of impairment indicators since november 2011, when construction and development activities at the project were largely suspended. project activities in recent years have focused on continued engagement with the local communities and maintaining and protecting existing project infrastructure and equipment through our active care and maintenance program. although we have reclassified conga reserves to resources and reallocated exploration and development capital to other projects, we continue to evaluate long-term options to progress development of the conga project and improve social and political acceptance. we have reprioritized the yanacocha sulfides project ahead of the conga project. the company also periodically updates the economic model for its conga project to understand changes to the estimated capital costs, cash flows, and economic returns from the project. as of december 31, 2021, we have not identified events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of the conga project is not recoverable.
reclamation and remediation obligations the company records the estimated asset retirement obligations associated with operating and non-operating mine sites when an obligation is incurred and the fair value can be reasonably estimated. fair value is measured as the present value of expected cash flow estimates, after considering inflation, our credit-adjusted risk-free rates and a market risk premium appropriate for our operations. reclamation costs are allocated to expense over the life of the related assets and are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation costs. reclamation obligations are based on our best estimate of when the expected spending for an existing environmental disturbance will occur. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire long-lived assets in the period incurred. changes in reclamation estimates at non-operating mines where the mine or portion of the mine site has entered the closure phase and has no substantive future economic value are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. costs included in estimated asset retirement obligations are discounted to their present value and are estimated over a period of up to fifty years. we review, on at least an annual basis, the reclamation obligation at each mine.
remediation costs are accrued when it is probable that an obligation has been incurred and the cost can be reasonably estimated. such cost estimates may include ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. changes in remediation estimates at non-operating mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. water treatment costs included in environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value and are estimated over a period of up to fifty years.
accounting for reclamation and remediation obligations requires management to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs the company expects to incur to complete the reclamation and remediation work required to comply with existing laws and regulations. these estimates require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying inputs and assumptions. such changes, including, but not limited to, (i) changes to environmental laws and regulations, which could increase the scope and extent of work required, (ii) changes in the timing of reclamation and remediation activities, which could occur over an extended future period and (iii) changes in the methods and technology utilized to settle reclamation and remediation obligations, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
income and mining taxes we account for income taxes using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of our liabilities and assets and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. this method generates either a net deferred income tax liability or asset for us, as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. we derive our deferred income tax charge or benefit by recording the change in either the net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. the financial statement effects of changes in tax law are recorded as discrete items in the period enacted as part of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations, regardless of the category of income or loss to which the deferred taxes relate. we have exposure to the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on tax positions in certain jurisdictions, such movements are recorded within income and mining tax benefit (expense) related to deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as non-current uncertain tax positions, while foreign exchange fluctuations impacting current tax positions are recorded within other income (loss), net as foreign currency exchange gains (losses). with respect to the earnings that we derive from the operations of our consolidated subsidiaries, in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no deferred taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings (including the excess of the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes over the tax basis of such equity) of these consolidated companies.
mining taxes represent state and provincial taxes levied on mining operations and are classified as income taxes as such taxes are based on a percentage of mining profits.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts or laws. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether it is more likely than not, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if the estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax benefit would result. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income and mining tax benefit (expense). in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is ultimately collectible.
valuation of deferred tax assets our deferred income tax assets include certain future tax benefits. we record a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when we believe, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. we review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if events indicate that a review is required. in determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence.
certain categories of evidence carry more weight in the analysis than others based upon the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. we look to the nature and severity of cumulative pretax losses (if any) in the current three-year period ending on the evaluation date or the expectation of future pretax losses and the existence and frequency of prior cumulative pretax losses.
we utilize a rolling twelve quarters of pre-tax income or loss as a measure of our cumulative results in recent years. concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence which is objective and verifiable, such as cumulative losses in recent years. however, a cumulative three year loss is not solely determinative of the need for a valuation allowance. we also consider all other available positive and negative evidence in our analysis.
other factors considered in the determination of the probability of the realization of the deferred tax assets include, but are not limited to:
•projected future financial and taxable income based upon existing reserves and long-term estimates of commodity prices;
•nature of temporary differences and predictability of reversal patterns of existing temporary differences; and
•the sensitivity of future forecasted results to commodity prices and other factors.
the company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. a significant piece of objective negative evidence is recent pretax losses and/or expectations of future pretax losses. such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence including projections for future growth. on the basis of this evaluation, a valuation allowance has been recorded in peru. the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional detail on the valuation allowance.
for additional risk factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations we recognize and measure the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, while transaction and integration costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill. for material acquisitions, we engage independent appraisers to assist with the determination of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, noncontrolling interest, if any, and goodwill, based on recognized business valuation methodologies. an income, market or cost valuation method may be utilized to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest, if any, in a business combination. the income valuation method represents the present value of future cash flows over the life of the asset using: (i) discrete financial forecasts, which rely on management's estimates of reserve quantities and exploration potential, costs to produce and develop reserves, revenues, and operating expenses; (ii) long-term growth rates; (iii) appropriate discount rates; and (iv) expected future capital requirements ("income valuation method"). the market valuation method uses prices paid for a similar asset by other purchasers in the market, normalized for any differences between the assets ("market valuation method"). the cost valuation method is based on the replacement cost of a comparable asset at the time of the acquisition adjusted for depreciation and economic and functional obsolescence of the asset ("cost valuation method"). the fair value of property, plant and mine development is estimated to include the fair value of asset retirement costs of related long-lived tangible assets. if the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the acquisition occurs, an estimate will be recorded. subsequent to the acquisition date, and not later than one year from the acquisition date, we will record any material adjustments to the initial estimate based on new information obtained that would have existed as of the date of the acquisition. any adjustment that arises from information obtained that did not exist as of the date of the acquisition will be recorded in the period the adjustments arises.