item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of nucor corporation should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the company and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this report discusses our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. information concerning the year ended december 31, 2020 and a comparison of the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 may be found under "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 26, 2021.
overview the u.s. economy experienced strong growth in 2021, growing by 5.7%, the largest annual increase since 1984. this performance was a significant improvement over 2020 when the economy shrank by 3.4% in response to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic continued to have an impact on our business and operations, but the impact was significantly lessened than that experienced in 2020. market demand in 2021 was very strong across most of the end markets we serve and selling prices for steel and steel products were at historically high levels. operating rates at our steel mills for the full year 2021 increased to 94% as compared to 82% for the full year 2020.
our challenges and risks global steel production overcapacity continues to be an ongoing risk to nucor and the entire steel industry, with the oecd estimating that global steel production overcapacity is currently approximately 500 million tons, which is down slightly from previous years. however, additional capacity continues to come online and china's steel production, the largest steel producing country, is still near record levels. in 2021, china's steel production was 1.13 billion tons compared to the record amount of 1.16 billion tons the previous year. circumvention of trade duties also continues to pose a risk, as countries route products through third-party countries to evade duties. increasingly, china is seeking to evade trade duties by building new steelmaking capacity in other countries with a focus on neighboring countries in southeast asia.
a major uncertainty we continue to face in our business is the price of our principal raw material, ferrous scrap, which is volatile and often increases or decreases rapidly in response to changes in domestic demand, unanticipated events that affect the flow of scrap into scrap yards, the availability of scrap substitutes, currency fluctuations and changes in foreign demand for scrap. in periods of rapidly increasing raw material prices in the industry, which are often also associated with periods of stronger or rapidly improving steel market conditions, being able to increase our prices for the products we sell quickly enough to offset increases in the prices we pay for ferrous scrap is challenging but critical to maintaining our profitability. we attempt to mitigate the scrap price risk by managing scrap inventory levels at the steel mills to match the anticipated demand over the next several weeks. certain scrap substitutes, including pig iron, have longer lead times for delivery than scrap, which can make this inventory management strategy difficult to achieve. continued successful implementation of our raw material strategy, including key investments in dri production, coupled with the scrap brokerage and processing services performed by our team at djj, give us greater control over our metallic inputs and thus also helps us to mitigate this risk.
during periods of stronger or rapidly improving steel market conditions, we are more likely to be able to pass through to our customers, relatively quickly, the increased costs of ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, protecting our gross margins from significant erosion. during periods of weaker or rapidly deteriorating steel market conditions, weak steel demand, low industry utilization rates and the impact of imports create an even more intensified competitive environment and increased pricing pressure. all of those factors, to some degree, impact pricing, which increases the likelihood that nucor will experience lower gross margins.
although the majority of our steel sales are to spot market customers in north america who place their orders each month based on their business needs and our pricing competitiveness compared to both domestic and global producers and trading companies, we also sell contract tons, most notably in our sheet operations. approximately 80% of our sheet sales were to contract customers in 2021 (70% in 2020), with the balance being sold in the spot market at the prevailing prices at the time of sale. steel contract sales outside of our sheet operations are not significant. the amount of tons sold to contract customers at any given time depends on the overall market conditions at the time, how the end-use customers see the market moving forward and the strategy that nucor management believes is appropriate to the upcoming period.
nucor management considerations include maintaining an appropriate balance of spot and contract tons based on market projections and appropriately supporting our diversified customer base. the percentage of tons that is placed under contract also depends on the overall market dynamics and customer negotiations. in years of strengthening demand, we typically see an increase in the percentage of sheet sales sold under contract as our customers have an expectation that transaction prices will rapidly rise, and available capacity will quickly be sold out. to mitigate this risk, customers prefer to enter into contracts in order to obtain committed volumes of supply from the mills. the vast majority of our contracts include a method of adjusting prices on a periodic basis to reflect changes in the market pricing for steel and/or scrap. market indices for steel generally trend with scrap pricing changes, but, during periods of steel market weakness, the more intensified competitive steel market environment can cause the sales price indices to decrease resulting in reduced gross margins and profitability. furthermore, since the selling price adjustments are not immediate, there will always be a timing difference between changes in the prices we pay for raw materials and the adjustments we make to our contract selling prices. generally, in periods of increasing scrap prices, we typically experience a short-term margin contraction on contract tons. conversely, in periods of decreasing scrap prices, we typically experience a short-term margin expansion on contract tons. contract sales typically have terms ranging from six to 12 months.
our strengths and opportunities we are north america's most diversified steel producer. as a result, our short-term performance is not tied to any one market. we have numerous, large, strategic capital projects at various stages of progress that we believe will help us further diversify our product offerings and expand the markets that we serve. we expect these investments to grow our long-term earnings power by increasing our channels to market, expanding our product portfolio into higher value-added offerings that are less vulnerable to imports, improving our cost structure and further building upon our market leadership positions.
we believe that nucor's raw material supply chain is another important strength. our investment in dri production facilities and scrap brokerage and processing businesses provides nucor with significant flexibility in optimizing our raw materials costs. additionally, having a significant portion of our raw materials supply under our control reduces risk associated with the global sourcing of raw materials, particularly since a considerable portion of scrap substitutes comes from regions of the world that historically have experienced greater political turmoil.
our highly variable, low-cost structure, combined with our financial strength and liquidity, have allowed us to successfully navigate cyclical, severely depressed steel industry market conditions in the past. in such times, our incentive-based pay system reduces our payroll costs, both hourly and salary, which helps to offset lower selling prices. our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production also allows us to keep our highly experienced workforce intact and to continue operating our facilities when some of our competitors with greater fixed costs are forced to shut down some of their facilities. because we use eafs to produce our steel, we can easily vary our production levels to match short-term changes in demand, unlike our blast furnace-based integrated competitors. we believe these strengths also provide us further opportunities to gain market share during such times.
evaluating our operating performance we report our results of operations in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. most of the steel we produce in our mills is sold to outside customers (79% in 2021 and 80% in 2020), but a significant percentage is used internally by many of the facilities in our steel products segment (21% in 2021 and 20% in 2020).
we begin measuring our performance by comparing our net sales, both in total and by individual segment, during a reporting period with our net sales in the corresponding period in the prior year. in doing so, we focus on changes in and the reasons for such changes in the two key variables that have the greatest influence on our net sales: average sales price per ton during the period and total tons shipped to outside customers.
we also focus on both dollar and percentage changes in gross margins, which are key drivers of our profitability, and the reasons for such changes. there are many factors from period to period that can affect our gross margins. one consistent area of focus for us is changes in "metal margins," which is the difference between the selling price of steel and the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes. increases or decreases in the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes that are not offset by changes in the selling price of steel can quickly compress or expand our margins and reduce or increase our profitability.
changes in marketing, administrative and other expenses, particularly profit sharing and other variable incentive-based payment costs, can have a material effect on our results of operations for a reporting period as well. these costs vary significantly from period to period as they are based upon changes in our pre-tax earnings and other profitability metrics that are a reflection of our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production.
evaluating our financial condition we evaluate our financial condition each reporting period by focusing primarily on the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash provided by operating activities, our current ratio, the turnover rate of our accounts receivable and inventories, the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash used in or provided by investing activities (including projected capital expenditures) and financing activities and our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments position at period end. we believe that our conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. as a result, our financial position remains strong.
results of operations nucor reported consolidated net earnings of $6.83 billion, or $23.16 per diluted share, in 2021, making it by far the most profitable year in the company's history. this record year more than doubled the previous record for consolidated net earnings, which was $2.36 billion set in 2018, and more than tripled the previous record for diluted earnings per share, which was $7.42 per diluted share that was also set in 2018. by comparison, nucor reported consolidated net earnings of $721.5 million, or $2.36 per diluted share, in 2020.
all three of nucor's operating segments reported very strong profitable in 2021. the steel mills segment operated at a 94% average utilization rate in 2021, as end-use market demand remained very strong throughout the year. higher volumes, combined with increases in average selling prices that outpaced increases in the average cost of scrap and scrap substitutes, resulted in robust metal margins and record profits for the steel mills segment in 2021.
the steel products segment also had its most profitable year in 2021, surpassing its previous record that was set in 2020. this record performance was due to the continued strong demand in nonresidential construction markets. most of the businesses within the steel products segment had increased profitability in 2021 compared to 2020, with the biggest increases coming from our joist, deck and tubular products businesses.
the raw materials segment also had its most profitable year in 2021 and was significantly increased from 2020. djj's scrap brokerage and processing operations benefited from higher average selling prices and volumes. our dri facilities had a strong year of profitability in 2021, particularly in the first half of the year due to rising raw material prices. as the year progressed, the dri facilities' profitability waned as the cost of consumed iron ore increased and selling prices for scrap substitutes began to decrease.
the following discussion will provide greater quantitative and qualitative analysis of nucor's performance in 2021 as compared to 2020.
net sales net sales to external customers by segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):
2021               2020                    % change steel mills                                  $24,145,396             $12,109,307        99%
total net sales to external customers        $36,483,939             $20,139,658        81%
net sales for 2021 increased 81% from the prior year. average sales price per ton increased 64% from $789 in 2020 to $1,292 in 2021. total tons shipped to outside customers increased 11% from 25,519,000 tons in 2020 to 28,247,000 tons in 2021.
in the steel mills segment, sales tons for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):
2021           2020                % change outside steel shipments         20,296              18,049        12%
net sales for the steel mills segment increased 99% in 2021 from the prior year due to a 78% increase in the average sales price per ton, from $671 in 2020 to $1,195 in 2021, as well as a 12% increase in tons sold to outside customers. average selling prices for our sheet, bar, structural and plate mills increased substantially in 2021 as compared to 2020.
outside sales tonnage for the steel products segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands):
2021                2020   % change joist sales                           702                 557        26%
net sales for the steel products segment increased 47% in 2021 from the prior year due to a 41% increase in the average sales price per ton, from $1,382 in 2020 to $1,954 in 2021, as well as a 4% increase in volumes.
net sales for the raw materials segment increased 86% in 2021 from the prior year primarily due to increased average selling prices and volumes at djj's brokerage and scrap processing operations. in 2021, approximately 90% of outside sales for the raw materials segment were from the brokerage operations of djj, and approximately 8% of outside sales were from the scrap processing operations of djj (88% and 9%, respectively, in 2020).
•   the primary driver for the increase in gross margins in 2021 as compared to 2020 was the significant increase in metal margins in the steel mills segment. metal margin is the difference between the selling price of steel and the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes. the average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used increased 62% from $290 in 2020 to $469 in 2021. despite the increase in average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used, metal margin in the steel mills segment increased due to higher average selling prices and volumes.
scrap prices are driven by the global supply and demand for scrap and other iron-based raw materials used to make steel. scrap prices increased during most of 2021, but began to decline late in the year. we are seeing the trend of lower scrap prices as we begin 2022.
•   gross margins in the steel products segment in 2021 increased significantly as compared to 2020, primarily due to strong demand in nonresidential construction markets and the aforementioned increases in average selling prices. the majority of the businesses within the steel products segment had increased profitability in 2021 as compared to 2020, most notably at our joist, deck and tubular products businesses. partially offsetting these increases in profitability was the decreased profitability of our rebar fabrication businesses, which had a strong year of profitability in 2020.
•   gross margins in the raw materials segment significantly increased in 2021 as compared to 2020 due to the significant increase in raw materials selling prices that resulted in improved profitability for our dri facilities and djj's brokerage and scrap processing operations.
•   pre-operating and start-up costs of new facilities increased to approximately $130 million in 2021 as compared to approximately $101 million in 2020. pre-operating and start-up costs in 2021 primarily related to the sheet mill expansion in kentucky, the plate mill being built in kentucky and the galvanizing line at our sheet mill in arkansas. in 2020, pre-operating and start-up costs primarily related to the bar mills being built in missouri and florida, the plate mill being built in kentucky, the sheet mill expansion in kentucky and the merchant bar quality mill expansion at our bar mill in illinois. nucor defines pre-operating and start-up costs, all of which are expensed, as the losses attributable to facilities or major projects that are either under construction or in the early stages of operation. once these facilities or projects have attained a utilization rate that is consistent with our similar operating facilities, they are no longer considered by nucor to be in start-up.
marketing, administrative and other expenses a major component of marketing, administrative and other expenses is profit sharing and other incentive compensation costs. these costs, which are based upon and fluctuate with nucor's financial performance, increased from 2020 to 2021 due to the increased profitability of the company. in 2021, profit sharing costs consisted of $869.9 million of contributions, including the company's matching contribution, made to the company's profit sharing and retirement savings plan for qualified employees ($86.6 million in 2020). other employee bonus costs also fluctuate based on nucor's achievement of certain financial performance goals, including achieving record earnings, and comparisons of nucor's financial performance to peers in the steel industry and other companies. stock-based compensation included in marketing, administrative and other expenses increased by 111% to $61.7 million in 2021 compared with $29.2 million in 2020 and includes costs associated with vesting of stock awards granted in prior years.
included in marketing, administrative and other expenses in 2020 was $18.2 million of restructuring charges related to the realignment of nucor's metal buildings business in the steel products segment.
equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated affiliates equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated affiliates was ($103.1) million in 2021 and $10.5 million in 2020. the improvement in equity method investment earnings from 2020 to 2021 was primarily due to the increased results of numit and nucor-jfe.
losses and impairments of assets in 2020, nucor recorded losses on assets of $483.5 million related to our equity method investment in duferdofin nucor s.r.l. ("duferdofin nucor"). nucor also recorded impairment charges in 2020 of $103.2 million related to certain inventory and long-lived assets in the steel mills segment, and $27.0 million related to the write-down of our unproved natural gas well assets included in the raw materials segment.
during 2021, nucor recorded a non-cash loss on assets of $42.0 million related to our leasehold interest in unproved oil and natural gas properties in the raw materials segment. also included in the 2021 results were losses on assets of $20.2 million in the steel products segment.
net interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands):
interest expense decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to lower average interest rates on debt and an increase in capital interest. interest income decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a decrease in average interest rates on investments.
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests the following table presents earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests by segment for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands). the changes between periods were driven by the quantitative and qualitative factors previously discussed.
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests               $9,200,858                      $835,538
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests represent the income attributable to the noncontrolling partners of nucor's joint ventures, primarily nucor-yamato, of which nucor owns 51%. the 157% increase in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to the increased earnings of nucor-yamato. driving the significant increase in earnings at nucor-yamato in 2021 was higher average selling prices, volumes and metal margins. under the nucor-yamato limited partnership agreement, the minimum amount of cash to be distributed each year to the partners is the amount needed by each partner to pay applicable u.s. federal and state income taxes. in 2020, the amount of cash distributed to noncontrolling interest holders was more than the earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests based on mutual agreement of the general partners; however, the cumulative amount of cash distributed to partners was less than the cumulative net earnings of the partnership.
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rate in 2021 was 22.59% compared with -0.06% in 2020. the 2020 effective rate included a net tax benefit of $201.9 million (-24.16%) for a tax loss on our investment in duferdofin nucor, a net tax benefit of $45.2 million (-5.41%) for state tax credits, and a federal tax benefit of $48.2 million (-5.77%) for the carryback of a federal tax net operating loss (an "nol") under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"). these benefits were all recognized in 2020 and were partially offset by the rate impact (11.2%) of financial statement impairments of $445.6 million which did not affect the provision for income taxes. the cares act allowed for an nol generated in 2020 to be carried back to taxable years where the federal income tax rate was 35%. the difference in the tax rate in 2020 and tax years before the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 is the main driver of the federal tax nol benefit in 2020, but this was partially offset by the partial loss of the domestic manufacturing deduction in the carryback year.
nucor has concluded u.s. federal income tax matters for tax years through 2014 and for tax year 2016. the tax years 2015 and 2017 through 2020 remain open to examination by the internal revenue service. the 2015 canadian income tax returns for harris steel group inc. and certain related affiliates are currently under examination by the canada revenue agency. the tax years 2015 through 2020 remain open to examination by other major taxing jurisdictions to which nucor is subject (primarily canada and other state and local jurisdictions).
net earnings and return on equity nucor reported net earnings of $6.83 billion, or $23.16 per diluted share, in 2021, compared to net earnings of $721.5 million, or $2.36 per diluted share, in 2020. net earnings attributable to nucor stockholders as a percentage of net sales were 18.7% and 3.6% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. return on average stockholders' equity was 55.0% and 6.8% in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources we believe our financial strength is a key strategic advantage among domestic steel producers, particularly during recessionary business cycles. we carry the highest credit ratings of any steel producer headquartered in north america, with an a- long-term rating from standard and poor's and a baa1 long-term rating from moody's. our credit ratings are dependent, however, on many factors, both qualitative and quantitative, and are subject to change at any time. the disclosure of our credit ratings is made to enhance investors' understanding of our sources of liquidity and the impact of our credit ratings on our cost of funds.
nucor's cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and cash equivalents position remained strong at $2.76 billion as of december 31, 2021, compared with $3.16 billion as of december 31, 2020. approximately $540.3 million and $316.0 million of the cash and cash equivalents position as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was held by our majority-owned joint ventures. cash flows provided by operating activities provide us with a significant source of liquidity. when needed, we have external short-term financing sources available, including the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings under our bank credit facilities.
we also issue long-term debt securities from time-to-time.  in august 2021, nucor became an obligor with respect to $197.0 million in 40-year variable-rate green bonds to partially fund the capital costs, in particular the expenditures associated with pollution prevention and control (including waste recycling and waste reduction), of the construction of our plate mill located in brandenburg, kentucky. proceeds of the green bonds are held on nucor's balance sheet as restricted cash and cash equivalents until they are utilized in connection with the construction of the brandenburg facility.
on november 5, 2021, nucor completed an offer to exchange its existing 2.979% notes due 2055 (the "2055 notes") that were not registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act") for a like principal amount of notes having terms substantially identical as the 2055 notes and that are registered under the securities act.
in november 2021, nucor amended and restated its revolving credit facility to increase the borrowing capacity from $1.50 billion to $1.75 billion and to extend its maturity date to november 5, 2026. our revolving credit facility remains undrawn.
we expect to continue to have adequate access to the capital markets at a reasonable cost of funds for liquidity purposes when needed.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources
short-term investments                               253,005                         408,004
working capital                                    7,642,144                       6,860,802
the current ratio, which is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities, was 2.5 at year-end 2021 compared with 3.6 at year-end 2020. the current ratio was impacted by higher salaries, wages and related accruals for incentive compensation during a period of record operating profits. in addition, $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our long-term debt outstanding will become due in september 2022 and was reclassified as a current maturity as of year-end 2021.
in 2021, total accounts receivable turned approximately every four weeks and inventories turned approximately every 10 weeks. these ratios compare with accounts receivable turnover of approximately every six weeks and inventory turnover of approximately every 11 weeks for 2020.
funds provided by operations, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and cash equivalents and new borrowings under existing credit facilities are expected to be adequate to meet future capital expenditures, current debt maturities and working capital requirements for existing operations for at least the next 24 months. we also believe we have adequate access to capital markets for liquidity purposes.  in september 2022, $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 4.125% notes due 2022 will mature, and in august 2023, $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.000% notes due 2023 will mature.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated special purpose entities that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
capital allocation strategy we believe that our conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. nucor's financial strength allows for a consistent, balanced approach to capital allocation throughout the business cycle. nucor's highest capital allocation priority is to invest in our business for profitable growth over the long term. we have historically done this by investing to optimize our existing operations, initiate greenfield expansions and make acquisitions. our second priority is to return capital to our stockholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. we intend to return a minimum of 40% of our net earnings to our stockholders, while maintaining a debt-to-capital ratio that supports a strong investment grade credit rating. the company repurchased approximately $3.28 billion of shares of its common stock in 2021 (approximately $39.5 million in 2020 and $298.5 million in 2019).
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $6.23 billion in 2021 as compared to $2.70 billion in 2020. this increase of $3.53 billion was primarily driven by an increase in net earnings of $6.29 billion over the prior year, which included $62.2 million of non-cash losses and impairments of assets ($613.6 million of non-cash losses and impairments of assets in 2020). these increases were partially offset by the changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting in a net outflow of $1.86 billion in 2021 as compared to a net inflow of $204 million in 2020.  the changes in working capital were primarily due to increases in inventory and accounts receivable from year-end 2020 to the end of 2021 as compared to the same prior year period, offset by increases in salaries, wages and related accruals, federal income taxes and accounts payable. accounts receivable at the end of 2021 increased from the prior year-end resulting in a cash outflow of $1.39 billion due to a 100% increase in composite sales price (in 2020, accounts receivable increased from the prior year-end by a lesser amount for an outflow of only $129.3 million). from year-end 2020 to year-end 2021, inventories increased resulting in an outflow of $2.31 billion due to a 19% increase in inventory tons and a 47% increase in average scrap and scrap substitutes cost per ton in inventory. this compares to inventories at year-end 2020 decreasing from year-end 2019 and resulting in a $284.1 million cash inflow.  salaries, wages and related accruals increased due to higher current year profit sharing and incentive compensation accruals due to record operating profits.  federal income taxes also increased due to the increased profitability of the company and accounts payable increased due to the increases in inventory mentioned previously.
investing activities our business is capital intensive; therefore, cash used in investing activities primarily represents capital expenditures for the construction of new facilities, the expansion and upgrading of existing facilities and the acquisition of other companies. cash used in investing activities in 2021 was $2.87 billion as compared to $1.76 billion in 2020. the increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a $1.34 billion increase in cash used to fund acquisitions, mainly the august 2021 purchases of the imp business of cornerstone and the steel racking solutions business from hannibal. cash used for capital expenditures increased by $78.8 million to $1.62 billion in 2021 as compared to $1.54 billion in 2020. the primary drivers of capital expenditures were related to the sheet mill expansion at nucor steel gallatin, the flex galvanizing line at nucor steel arkansas, and the new plate mill in brandenburg, kentucky. the increases in cash used in investing activities in 2021 was partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the sale of investments of $648.9 million in 2021 as compared to $392.2 million in 2020.
financing activities cash used in financing activities during 2021 was $3.60 billion as compared to cash provided by financing activities of $285.9 million in 2020. the largest driver of this change was the $3.28 billion of stock repurchases in 2021 as compared to $39.5 million in the prior year. this was partially offset primarily by a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of approximately $1.00 billion (proceeds of $197.0 million in 2021 related to the issuance of additional 40-year variable-rate green bonds as compared to aggregate issuances of $1.24 billion in 2020).
our revolving credit facility is undrawn and was amended and restated in november 2021 to increase the borrowing capacity from $1.50 billion to $1.75 billion and to extend the maturity date to november 5, 2026. the revolving credit facility includes only one financial covenant, which is a limit of 60% on the ratio of funded debt to total capital. in addition, the undrawn revolving credit facility contains customary non-financial covenants, including a limit on nucor's ability to pledge the company's assets and a limit on consolidations, mergers and sales of assets. as of december 31, 2021, nucor's funded debt to total capital ratio was 28%, and nucor was in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility.
market risk nucor's largest exposure to market risk is in our steel mills and steel products segments. our utilization rates for the steel mills and steel products facilities for the fourth quarter of 2021 were 89% and 71%, respectively. a significant portion of our steel mills and steel products segments' sales are into the commercial, industrial and municipal construction markets. our largest single customer in 2021 represented just 5% of sales and consistently pays within terms. in the raw materials segment, we are exposed to price fluctuations related to the purchase of scrap steel, pig iron and iron ore. our exposure to market risk is mitigated by the fact that our steel mills use a significant portion of the products of this segment and the prices we receive for our steel and steel products tend to be correlated with the prices we pay for these materials.
nucor's tax-exempt industrial development revenue bonds ("idrbs") have variable interest rates that are adjusted weekly. these idrbs represented 24% of nucor's long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2021. the remaining 76% of nucor's long-term debt is at fixed rates. future changes in interest rates are not expected to significantly impact earnings. from time to time, nucor makes use of interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. as of december 31, 2021, there were no such contracts outstanding. nucor's investment practice is to invest in securities that are highly liquid with short maturities. as a result, we do not expect changes in interest rates to have a significant impact on the value of our investment securities recorded as short-term investments.
nucor also uses derivative financial instruments from time to time to partially manage its exposure to price risk related to purchases of natural gas used in the production process, as well as scrap, copper and aluminum purchased for resale to its customers. in addition, nucor uses forward foreign exchange contracts from time to time to hedge cash flows associated with certain assets and liabilities, firm commitments and anticipated transactions. nucor generally does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than hedging the cash flows associated with specific volumes of commodities that will be purchased and processed or sold in future periods and hedging the exposures related to changes in the fair value of outstanding fixed-rate debt instruments and foreign currency transactions. nucor recognizes all derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
the company is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through its operations in canada, europe and mexico. we periodically use derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of currency fluctuations.
dividends nucor has increased its base cash dividend every year since it began paying dividends in 1973. nucor paid dividends of $1.62 per share in 2021, compared with $1.61 per share in 2020. in december 2021, the board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on nucor's common stock to $0.50 per share. nucor returned approximately $3.76 billion in capital to its stockholders in the form of base dividends and share repurchases in 2021. in february 2022, the board of directors declared nucor's 196th consecutive quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share payable on may 11, 2022 to stockholders of record as of march 31, 2022.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2021 for the periods presented (in thousands):
commitments (2)
utility purchase commitments (2)             788,701                     300,228                   224,293                   115,428                     148,752
other unconditional purchase                 798,799                     769,076                    19,801                     6,368                       3,554
(1)   interest is estimated using applicable rates at december 31, 2021 for nucor's outstanding fixed-rate and variable-rate debt.
(2)   nucor enters into contracts for the purchase of scrap and scrap substitutes, iron ore, electricity, natural gas, and other raw materials and related services. these contracts include multi-year commitments and minimum annual purchase requirements and are valued at prices in effect on december 31, 2021, or according to the contract language. these contracts are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such commitments will adversely affect our liquidity position.
(3)   purchase obligations include commitments for capital expenditures on operating machinery and equipment. in addition, during the first quarter of 2022, nucor entered into purchase obligations totaling approximately $1.10 billion related to previously announced capital projects.
(4)   other long-term obligations include amounts associated with nucor's early-retiree medical benefits, management compensation and guarantees.
note: in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, $95.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. related to these unrecognized tax benefits, we have also recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of $17.5 million at december 31, 2021.
outlook in 2022, we expect to continue to take advantage of our position of strength to grow nucor's long-term earnings power and stockholder value by continuing to execute on our balanced capital allocation framework and successfully focusing on profitable growth strategies. we have invested significant capital over a broad range of strategic acquisitions and investments that we believe will further enhance our ability to: grow nucor's long-term earnings power by increasing our channels to market, expanding our product portfolios into higher value-added offerings that are less vulnerable to imports, improving our cost structure, and further building upon our market leadership positions and further enhance our commercial excellence. we are utilizing nucor's financial strength to execute on investment opportunities to further grow our long-term earnings capacity.
end-use market demand remains strong for steel and steel products, and we anticipate that 2022 will be another year of strong profitability for nucor. we expect consolidated net earnings attributable to nucor stockholders in the first quarter of 2022 will be slightly reduced from the record results of the fourth quarter of 2021. diluted earnings per share for first quarter of 2022 should benefit from lower weighted average shares outstanding.
steel mill segment earnings are expected to decline in the first quarter of 2022 due to decreased profitability of our sheet mills. the steel products segment is expected to achieve further margin expansion and profitability in the first quarter of 2022 as backlog pricing has improved reflecting higher steel costs. earnings of the raw materials segment are expected to improve slightly in the first quarter of 2022 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 due to the improved profitability of our dri facilities, partially offset by the impact of lower scrap prices on our scrap brokerage and processing operations.
we are ever mindful of the threat of increases in imported steel stemming from the still significant excess foreign steel capacity. over the past decade, the steel industry has won several important trade cases that addressed unfairly traded imports.
we are committed to executing on the opportunities we see ahead to reward nucor stockholders with very attractive long-term returns on their valuable capital invested in our company. our industry-leading financial strength allows us to support investments in our facilities that we believe will enable us to generate increased profitability. capital expenditures are currently projected to be approximately $2.3 billion in 2022 and, as we have in our past, we will allocate capital to investments that we believe will build our long-term earnings power.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year end and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the year. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the valuation allowances for receivables, the carrying value of non-current assets and reserves for environmental obligations and income taxes. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. accordingly, actual costs could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. the company records any amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value as a charge to cost of products sold. scrap and scrap substitute costs are a very significant component of the raw material, semi-finished and finished product inventory balances. the vast majority of the company's inventory is recorded on the first-in, first-out method. production costs are applied to semi-finished and finished product inventory from the approximate period in which they are produced.
long-lived asset impairments we evaluate our property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment on an individual asset basis or at the lowest level asset grouping for which cash flows can be independently identified. asset impairments are assessed whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of those productive assets could exceed their projected undiscounted cash flows. in developing estimated values for assets that we currently use in our operations, we utilize judgments and assumptions of future undiscounted cash flows that the assets will produce. when it is determined that an impairment exists, the related assets are written down to estimated fair market value. management determined that no long-lived asset impairment testing was required in 2021.
certain long-lived asset groupings were tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2020. undiscounted cash flows for each asset grouping were estimated using management's long-range estimates of market conditions associated with each asset grouping over the estimated useful life of the principal asset within the group. our undiscounted cash flow analysis indicated that, other than the groupings discussed below, the tested long-lived asset groupings were recoverable as of december 31, 202.
steel mills segment asset impairments in 2019, nucor recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $20.0 million related to certain property, plant and equipment at our plate mill in texas. this charge is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019.
in 2020, nucor recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $103.2 million related to certain inventory and long-lived assets, which primarily related to our castrip sheet mill operations. due to the advancements in the capabilities at our new cold mill and galvanizing line we have under construction at nucor steel arkansas, we believe the value of the technology and process has diminished for nucor. as such, the existing castrip assets are not expected to be materially utilized going forward. these charges are included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2020.
raw materials segment asset impairments in the fourth quarter of 2019, due to the deteriorating natural gas pricing environment at our sales point in the piceance basin as well as the decreased performance of the natural gas well assets, nucor determined a triggering event had occurred and performed an impairment analysis on all three fields of wells. as a result of the fourth quarter of 2019 analysis, a $35.0 million non-cash impairment charge was recorded on one field of wells. an increase in the estimated lease operating cost projections was the primary factor in causing this field of wells to be impaired. the non-cash impairment charge is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2019.
one of the primary assumptions that affects the undiscounted cash flows determination is management's estimate of future pricing of natural gas and natural gas liquids. the pricing used in the impairment assessments was developed by management based on projected natural gas market supply and demand dynamics, in conjunction with a review of projections by market analysts. management also makes estimates on the expected reserve levels and on the expected lease operating costs. the impairment assessments were performed on each of nucor's three fields of wells, with each field defined by common geographic location. the combined carrying value of the three fields of wells was $65.2 million at december 31, 2021 ($71.7 million at december 31, 2020).
changes in the natural gas industry or a prolonged low-price environment beyond what had already been assumed in the assessments could cause management to revise the natural gas and natural gas liquids price assumptions, the estimated reserves or the estimated lease operating costs. unfavorable revisions to these assumptions or estimates could possibly result in further impairment of some or all of the fields of proved well assets.
in 2020, regulatory authorities in colorado adopted new rules that became effective january 2021. one of these rules increases drilling setback distances. in the fourth quarter of 2020, nucor determined a triggering event had occurred, as we do not expect to be able to access the full extent of the resources in the ground, and performed an impairment analysis. as a result, nucor recorded a $27.0 million non-cash impairment charge related to the write-down of our leasehold interest in unproved oil and gas properties. this charge is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2020.
in the second quarter of 2021, nucor decided that it would not develop a portion of its unproved oil and natural gas properties ("portion a") within the contractually specified time period related to portion a. as a result of this decision, the company will forfeit its leasehold rights for portion a. the company recorded a charge of $42.0 million to write off the value of portion a that is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decision not to develop portion a was heavily influenced by the approaching deadline to commence development combined with portion a's expected near-term profitability not achieving management's desired returns relative to the cost of development. a significant portion of the company's remaining leasehold interest in unproved oil and natural gas properties are held by production. accordingly, management does not believe the value assigned to those portions needs to be evaluated at this time. the carrying value of the remaining portions of unproved oil and natural gas properties was $96.0 million at december 31, 2021.
goodwill and intangibles goodwill is tested annually for impairment and whenever events or circumstances change that would make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. we perform our annual impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter each year. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the recorded value, including goodwill.
when appropriate, nucor performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. for certain reporting units, it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. in these instances, a discounted cash flow model is used to determine the current estimated fair value of these reporting units. significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of each reporting unit as part of our annual testing (and any required interim testing) include: (i) expected cash flow for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, raw materials and other costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting unit; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
our fourth quarter 2021 annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. management does not believe that future impairment of these reporting units is probable. however, the performance of certain businesses that comprise our reporting units requires continued improvement. an increase of approximately 50 basis points in the discount rate, a critical assumption in which a minor change can have a significant impact on the estimated fair value, would not result in an impairment charge. see note 8 to the company's consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the results of the company's 2021 annual goodwill impairment analysis.
nucor will continue to monitor operating results within all reporting units throughout 2022 in an effort to determine if events and circumstances warrant further interim impairment testing. otherwise, all reporting units will again be subject to the required annual qualitative and/or quantitative impairment test during our fourth quarter of 2022. changes in the judgments and estimates underlying our analysis of goodwill for possible impairment, including expected future operating cash flows and discount rate, could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the future and could result in an impairment of goodwill.
equity method investments investments in joint ventures in which nucor shares control over the financial and operating decisions but in which nucor is not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. each of the company's equity method investments is subject to a review for impairment if, and when, circumstances indicate that a decline in value below its carrying amount may have occurred. examples of such circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant deterioration in the earnings performance or business prospects of the investee; missed financial projections; a significant adverse change in the regulatory, tax, economic or technological environment of the investee; a significant adverse change in the general market condition of either the geographic area or the industry in which the investee operates; and recurring negative cash flows from operations. when management considers the decline to be other than temporary, the company would write down the related investment to its estimated fair market value. an other-than-temporary decline in carrying value is determined to have occurred when, in management's judgment, a decline in fair value below carrying value is of such length of time and/or severity that it is considered long-term.
in the event that an impairment review is necessary, we calculate the estimated fair value of our equity method investments using a probability-weighted multiple-scenario income approach. management's analysis includes three discounted cash flow scenarios (best case, base case and recessionary case), which contain forecasted near-term cash flows under each scenario. generally, (i) the best case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from slightly higher than recent operating performance to levels that are consistent with historical operating and financial performance; (ii) the base case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from generally in line with recent operating performance to levels that are more conservative than historical operating and financial performance; and (iii) the recessionary case scenario contains estimates of future results which include limited growth resulting only from operational cost improvements and limited benefits of new higher-value product offerings. management determines the probability that each cash flow scenario will come to fruition based on the specific facts and circumstances of each of the preceding scenarios, with the base case typically receiving the majority of the weighting.
key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our equity method investments include: (i) expected cash flow for the six-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the investment; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. while the assumptions that most significantly affect the fair value determination include projected revenues, metal margins and discount rate, the assumptions are often interdependent, and no single factor predominates in determining the estimated fair value. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its investments are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
nucor determined that a triggering event occurred in the first quarter of 2020 with respect to its equity method investment in duferdofin nucor due to adverse developments in the joint venture's commercial outlook, which were exacerbated by the covid-19 pandemic, all of which negatively impacted the joint venture's strategic direction. after completing its impairment assessment, nucor determined that the carrying amount exceeded its estimated fair value and the impairment condition was considered to be other than temporary. therefore, nucor recorded a $250.0 million impairment charge in the first quarter of 2020.  the assumptions that most significantly affected the fair value determination included projected cash flows and the discount rate. the company-specific inputs for measuring fair value are considered "level 3" or unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data under applicable fair value authoritative guidance, as quoted market prices are not available.
throughout 2020, additional capital contributions were made by the company to duferdofin nucor that were immediately impaired. these additional capital contributions resulted in $5.0 million, $6.6 million and $25.4 million impairment charges against our investment in duferdofin nucor in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2020, respectively. also, in the fourth quarter of 2020, nucor reclassified into earnings, $158.6 million of cumulative foreign currency translation losses on our investment in duferdofin nucor.  in 2020, total impairment charges, including the charge associated with forgiving and outstanding note receivable, related to our investment in duferdofin nucor were approximately $483.5 million. these non-cash impairment charges are included in the steel mills segment and in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2020.
income taxes we utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within operations are recognized as a component of interest expense and other expenses.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements certain statements made in this report, or in other public filings, press releases, or other written or oral communications made by nucor, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements subject to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which we expect will or may occur in the future and may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "intend," "project," "may," "will," "should," "could" and similar expressions are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements reflect the company's best judgment based on current information, and, although we base these statements on circumstances that we believe to be reasonable when made, there can be no assurance that future events will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking information. as such, the forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may vary materially from the projected results and expectations discussed in this report. factors that might cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressure on sales and pricing, including pressure from imports and substitute materials; (2) u.s. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports; (3) the sensitivity of the results of our operations to prevailing market steel prices and changes in the supply and cost of raw materials, including pig iron, iron ore and scrap steel; (4) the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas which could negatively affect our cost of steel production or result in a delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling within our natural gas drilling programs; (5) critical equipment failures and business interruptions; (6) market demand for steel products, which, in the case of many of our products, is driven by the level of nonresidential construction activity in the united states; (7) impairment in the recorded value of inventory, equity investments, fixed assets, goodwill or other long-lived assets; (8) uncertainties surrounding the global economy, including excess world capacity for steel production, inflation and interest rate changes; (9) fluctuations in currency conversion rates; (10) significant changes in laws or government regulations affecting environmental compliance, including legislation and regulations that result in greater regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could increase our energy costs, capital expenditures and operating costs or cause one or more of our permits to be revoked or make it more difficult to obtain permit modifications; (11) the cyclical nature of the steel industry; (12) capital investments and their impact on our performance; (13) our safety performance; (14) the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and any variants of the virus; and (15) the risks discussed in "item 1a. risk factors" of this report.
caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this report. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. in evaluating forward-looking statements, these risks and uncertainties should be considered, together with the other risks described from time to time in our reports and other filings with the sec.