item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share data and unless otherwise indicated)
as discussed in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, in 2021, we adopted sec guidance that is intended to modernize, simplify, and enhance certain disclosures throughout this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." in accordance with this guidance, we have omitted discussions comparing 2020 and 2019 results, as such disclosures were included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020. as discussed below, in march 2020, we first experienced rental volume declines associated with covid-19, and the covid-19 impact was more pronounced in 2020 than 2021. our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 and our quarterly reports on form 10-q filed in 2021 include detailed disclosures addressing the covid-19 response plan that is summarized below.
as discussed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, the covid-19 pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains and businesses around the world. uncertainty remains regarding the ongoing impact of existing and emerging variant strains of covid-19 on the operations and financial position of united rentals, and on the global economy. uncertainty also remains regarding the length of time it will take for the covid-19 pandemic to ultimately subside, which will be impacted by the effectiveness of vaccines against covid-19 (including against emerging variant strains), and by measures that may in the future be implemented to protect public health. see "item 1. business-industry overview and economic outlook" for a discussion of market performance in 2021 and 2020.
we began to experience a decline in revenues in march 2020, which is when the world health organization characterized covid-19 as a pandemic and when our rental volume first declined in response to shelter-in-place orders and other market restrictions. the volume declines were more pronounced in 2020 than 2021, and we have seen recent evidence of recovery across our construction and industrial markets, as well as encouraging gains in end-market indicators, as reflected in our 2022 forecast. in early march 2020, we initiated contingency planning ahead of the impact of covid-19 on our end-markets.
our covid-19 response plan is focused on five work-streams: 1) ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees and customers, 2) leveraging our competitive advantages to support the needs of customers, 3) aggressively managing capital expenditures, 4) controlling core operating expenses and 5) proactively managing the balance sheet with a focus on liquidity. we believe that this response plan helped mitigate the impact of covid-19 on our results. as noted above, our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 and our quarterly reports on form 10-q filed in 2021 include additional detailed covid-19 disclosures. the impact of covid-19 on our business is discussed throughout this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
executive overview we are the largest equipment rental company in the world, with an integrated network of 1,345 rental locations. we primarily operate in the united states and canada, and have a limited presence in europe, australia and new zealand (see item 2-properties for further detail). although the equipment rental industry is highly fragmented and diverse, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. these include a fleet of rental equipment with a total original equipment cost ("oec") of $15.8 billion, and a north american branch network that operates in 49 u.s. states and every canadian province, and serves 99 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas in the u.s. our size also gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, the ability to provide customers with equipment that is more consistently well-maintained and therefore more productive and reliable, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs.
we offer approximately 4,300 classes of equipment for rent to a diverse customer base that includes construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, homeowners and government entities. our revenues are derived from the following sources: equipment rentals, sales of rental equipment, sales of new equipment, contractor supplies sales and service and other revenues. in 2021, equipment rental revenues represented 84 percent of our total revenues.
for the past several years, we have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion and operational efficiencies. in particular, we have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management and operational efficiency.
we are continuing to manage the impact of covid-19, which is discussed above. our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and, in particular, calls for:
•a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. we utilize a proprietary software application, total control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. total control® is a unique customer offering that enables us to develop strong, long-term relationships with our larger customers. our digital capabilities, including our total control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service;
•the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix, with a dual objective: to enhance our performance in serving our current customer base, and to focus on the accounts and customer types that are best suited to our strategy for profitable growth. we believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns;
•a continued focus on "lean" management techniques, including kaizen processes focused on continuous improvement. we continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of: reducing the cycle time associated with renting our equipment to customers; improving invoice accuracy and service quality; reducing the elapsed time for equipment pickup and delivery; and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations;
•the continued expansion of our specialty footprint, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, and the cross-selling of these services throughout our network. we believe that the expansion of our specialty business, as exhibited by our acquisition of general finance discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position united rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings; and
•the pursuit of strategic acquisitions to continue to expand our core equipment rental business. strategic acquisitions allow us to invest our capital to expand our business, further driving our ability to accomplish our strategic goals.
in 2022, based on our analyses of industry forecasts and macroeconomic indicators, we expect a continuation of the market recovery experienced in 2021, following a market decline in 2020, which included the pronounced impact of covid-19. specifically, we expect that north american industry equipment rental revenue will increase approximately 10 percent in 2022. see "item 1. business- industry overview and economic outlook" for a discussion of market performance in 2021 and 2020.
as discussed below, fleet productivity is a comprehensive metric that reflects the combined impact of changes in rental rates, time utilization, and mix that contribute to the variance in owned equipment rental revenue. for the full year 2021:
•equipment rentals increased 14.9 percent year-over-year, including the impact of the may 2021 acquisition of general finance discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements;
•average oec increased 4.0 percent year-over-year, including the impact of the general finance acquisition;
•fleet productivity increased 10.4 percent, primarily due to improved fleet absorption in 2021. 2020 reflected more pronounced rental volume declines associated with covid-19, and in 2021, we saw evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets; and
•72 percent of equipment rental revenue was derived from key accounts, as compared to 74 percent in 2020. key accounts are each managed by a single point of contact to enhance customer service. the slight decrease from 2020 includes the impact of the general finance acquisition, which added revenue from australia and new zealand that is not from key accounts.
financial overview prior to taking actions pertaining to our financial flexibility and liquidity, we consider the impact of covid-19 on liquidity, and assess our available sources and anticipated uses of cash, including, with respect to sources, cash generated from operations and from the sale of rental equipment. in 2021, we took the following actions to improve our financial flexibility and liquidity, and to position us to invest the necessary capital in our business:
•amended and extended our accounts receivable securitization facility, which expires on june 24, 2022 and may be further extended on a 364-day basis by mutual agreement with the purchasers under the facility, including an increase in the size of the facility from $800 to $900.
total debt as of december 31, 2021 was flat year-over-year. in 2021, borrowings under the abl facility were used to fund most of the cost of the general finance acquisition discussed above. 2021 debt activity also included the use of cash generated from operations, net of the funds used for capital expenditures, to reduce borrowings under the abl facility (excluding the impact of the general finance acquisition) and the net impact of the debt issuance and redemption discussed above. as of december 31, 2021, we had available liquidity of $2.851 billion, comprised of cash and cash equivalents, and availability under the abl and accounts receivable securitization facilities.
net income and diluted earnings per share for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021 include the after-tax impacts of the items below. the tax rates applied to the items below reflect the statutory rates in the applicable entities.
tax rate applied to items below                                                                               25.3              %                                                                                         25.2              %                                                                                         25.3              %
loss on repurchase/redemption of debt securities (7)                                                          (22)                                                (0.31)                                                 (137)                                                (1.88)                                                  (45)                                                (0.58)
(1)this primarily reflects transaction costs associated with the general finance acquisition discussed above. merger related costs only include costs associated with major acquisitions completed since 2012 that significantly impact our operations (the "major acquisitions," each of which had annual revenues of over $200 prior to acquisition). for additional information, see "results of operations-other costs/(income)-merger related costs" below.
(2)this reflects the amortization of the intangible assets acquired in the major acquisitions.
(3)this reflects the impact of extending the useful lives of equipment acquired in certain major acquisitions, net of the impact of additional depreciation associated with the fair value mark-up of such equipment.
(4)this reflects additional costs recorded in cost of rental equipment sales associated with the fair value mark-up of rental equipment acquired in certain major acquisitions that was subsequently sold.
(5)as discussed in note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, this primarily reflects severance costs and branch closure charges associated with our restructuring programs.
(6)this reflects write-offs of leasehold improvements and other fixed assets. as discussed in note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, the 2020 charges primarily reflect the discontinuation of certain equipment programs, and were not related to covid-19.
(7)reflects the difference between the net carrying amount and the total purchase price of the redeemed notes. for additional information, see "results of operations-other costs/(income)-interest expense, net" below.
ebitda gaap reconciliations. ebitda represents the sum of net income, provision for income taxes, interest expense, net, depreciation of rental equipment and non-rental depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda represents ebitda plus the sum of the merger related costs, restructuring charge, stock compensation expense, net, and the impact of the fair value mark-up of acquired fleet. these items are excluded from adjusted ebitda internally when evaluating our operating performance and for strategic planning and forecasting purposes, and allow investors to make a more meaningful comparison between our core business operating results over different periods of time, as well as with those of other similar companies. the net income and adjusted ebitda margins represent net income or adjusted ebitda divided by total revenue. management believes that ebitda and adjusted ebitda, when viewed with the company's results under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and the accompanying reconciliations, provide useful information about operating performance and period-over-period growth, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the operating performance of our core business without regard to potential distortions. additionally, management believes that ebitda and adjusted ebitda help investors gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting our ongoing cash earnings, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced. however, ebitda and adjusted ebitda are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under gaap and, accordingly, should not be considered as alternatives to net income or cash flow from operating activities as indicators of operating performance or liquidity.
the table below provides a reconciliation between net income and ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
ebitda                                                             4,253                       3,796                       4,200
adjusted ebitda                                                   $4,414                      $3,932                      $4,355
adjusted ebitda margin                                              45.4   %                    46.1   %                    46.6   %
the table below provides a reconciliation between net cash provided by operating activities and ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                           $3,689                      $2,658                      $3,024
adjustments for items included in net cash provided by operating activities but excluded from the calculation of ebitda:
loss on repurchase/redemption of debt securities (5)                                                                                  (30)                       (183)                        (61)
changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                                    (328)                         241                         170
ebitda                                                                                                                               4,253                       3,796                       4,200
adjusted ebitda                                                                                                                     $4,414                      $3,932                      $4,355
(1)this primarily reflects transaction costs associated with the general finance acquisition discussed above. merger related costs only include costs associated with major acquisitions that significantly impact our operations. for additional information, see "results of operations-other costs/(income)-merger related costs" below.
(2)as discussed in note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, this primarily reflects severance costs and branch closure charges associated with our restructuring programs.
(3)represents non-cash, share-based payments associated with the granting of equity instruments.
(4)this reflects additional costs recorded in cost of rental equipment sales associated with the fair value mark-up of rental equipment acquired in certain major acquisitions that was subsequently sold.
(5)reflects the difference between the net carrying amount and the total purchase price of the redeemed notes. for additional information, see "results of operations-other costs/(income)-interest expense, net" below.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, net income increased $496, or 55.7 percent, and net income margin increased 390 basis points to 14.3 percent. for the year ended december 31, 2021, adjusted ebitda increased $482, or 12.3 percent, and adjusted ebitda margin decreased 70 basis points to 45.4 percent.
the year-over-year increase in net income margin primarily reflected a reduction in interest expense, improved gross margins from equipment rentals and sales of rental equipment and decreased non-rental depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") and income tax expenses. net interest expense decreased $245, or 37 percent, year-over-year. excluding the impact of debt redemption losses, net interest expense decreased 19 percent year-over-year, primarily due to decreases in both average debt and the average cost of debt. equipment rentals gross margin increased year-over-year primarily due to a reduction in depreciation expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by higher bonus expense primarily due to improved profitability, and increases in certain operating expenses, including delivery costs, as a percentage of revenue. gross margin from sales of rental equipment increased primarily due to improved pricing in a strong used equipment market. non-rental depreciation and amortization decreased 4 percent year-over-year, which equated to a significant improvement as a percentage of revenue. sg&a expense increased year-over-year primarily due to higher bonus and stock compensation expenses, which reflect improved profitability. year-over-year, income tax expense increased $211, or 85 percent, and the effective income tax rate increased by 300 basis points, primarily reflecting the release in 2020 of a valuation allowance on foreign tax credits.
the decrease in the adjusted ebitda margin primarily reflects lower margins from equipment rentals (excluding depreciation) and increased sg&a expense, partially offset by higher margins from sales of rental equipment. gross margin from equipment rentals (excluding depreciation) decreased 110 basis points primarily due to a higher bonus accrual, which reflects improved profitability, and increases in certain operating expenses, including delivery costs, as a percentage of revenue. sg&a expense increased primarily due to increased bonus expense, which reflects improved profitability. gross margin from sales of rental equipment increased primarily due to improved pricing in a strong used equipment market.
fleet productivity (2)                                                                                                                              10.4%                  (6.9)%
(1)reflects the estimated impact of inflation on the revenue productivity of fleet based on oec, which is recorded at cost.
(2)reflects the combined impact of changes in rental rates, time utilization, and mix that contribute to the variance in owned equipment rental revenue. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the different types of equipment rentals revenue. rental rate changes are calculated based on the year-over-year variance in average contract rates, weighted by the prior period revenue mix. time utilization is calculated by dividing the amount of time an asset is on rent by the amount of time the asset has been owned during the year. mix includes the impact of changes in customer, fleet, geographic and segment mix. the positive fleet productivity for 2021 and the negative fleet productivity for 2020 include the impact of covid-19, which resulted in rental volume declines in response to shelter-in-place orders and other market restrictions, as discussed further above. the covid-19 volume declines were more pronounced in 2020 than 2021, and in 2021, we saw evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets.
equipment rentals include our revenues from renting equipment, as well as revenue related to the fees we charge customers: for equipment delivery and pick-up; to protect the customer against liability for damage to our equipment while on rent; for fuel; and for environmental costs. collectively, these "ancillary fees" represented approximately 14 percent of equipment rental revenue in 2021. delivery and pick-up revenue, which represented approximately eight percent of equipment rental revenue in 2021, is the most significant ancillary revenue component. sales of rental equipment represent our revenues from the sale of used rental equipment. sales of new equipment represent our revenues from the sale of new equipment. contractor supplies sales represent our sales of supplies utilized by contractors, which include construction consumables, tools, small equipment and safety supplies. services and other revenues primarily represent our revenues earned from providing repair and maintenance services on our customers' fleet (including parts sales). see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our revenue recognition accounting.
2021 total revenues of $9.7 billion increased 13.9 percent compared with 2020. equipment rentals and sales of rental equipment are our largest revenue types (together, they accounted for 94 percent of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021). equipment rentals increased 14.9 percent, primarily due to a 10.4 percent increase in fleet productivity, which included the more pronounced impact of covid-19, which resulted in rental volume declines in response to shelter-in-place orders and other market restrictions, in 2020. covid-19 began to impact our operations in march 2020. in 2021, we have seen evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets. sales of rental equipment increased 12.8 percent, primarily due to improved pricing in a strong used equipment market and the impact of the general finance acquisition.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. a summary of our significant accounting policies is contained in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. in applying many accounting principles, we make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments are often subjective and may change based on changing circumstances or changes in our analysis. material changes in these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments have the potential to materially alter our results of operations. we have identified below our accounting policies that we believe could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. although actual results may differ from those estimates, we believe the estimates are reasonable and appropriate.
allowance for doubtful accounts. we maintain allowances for doubtful accounts. these allowances reflect our estimate of the amount of our receivables that we will be unable to collect based on historical write-off experience and, as applicable, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectibility. our estimate could require change based on changing circumstances, including changes in the economy or in the particular circumstances of individual customers. accordingly, we may be required to increase or decrease our allowances. trade receivables that have contractual maturities of one year or less are written-off when they are determined to be uncollectible based on the criteria necessary to qualify as a deduction for federal tax purposes. write-offs of such receivables require management approval based on specified dollar thresholds. see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.
useful lives and salvage values of rental equipment and property and equipment. we depreciate rental equipment and property and equipment over their estimated useful lives, after giving effect to an estimated salvage value which ranges from zero percent to 50 percent of cost. the weighted average salvage value of our rental equipment is 11 percent of cost (immaterial salvage values are assigned to our property and equipment). rental equipment is depreciated whether or not it is out on rent.
the useful life of an asset is determined based on our estimate of the period over which the asset can generate revenues; such periods are periodically reviewed for reasonableness. in addition, the salvage value, which is also reviewed periodically for reasonableness, is determined based on our estimate of the minimum value we will realize from the asset after such period. we may be required to change these estimates based on changes in our industry or other changing circumstances. if these estimates change in the future, we may be required to recognize increased or decreased depreciation expense for these assets.
to the extent that the useful lives of all of our rental equipment were to increase or decrease by one year, we estimate that our annual depreciation expense would decrease or increase by approximately $170 or $213, respectively. if the estimated salvage values of all of our rental equipment were to increase or decrease by one percentage point, we estimate that our annual depreciation expense would change by approximately $19. any change in depreciation expense as a result of a hypothetical change in either useful lives or salvage values would generally result in a proportional increase or decrease in the gross profit we would recognize upon the ultimate sale of the asset. to the extent that the useful lives of all of our depreciable property and equipment were to increase or decrease by one year, we estimate that our annual non-rental depreciation expense would decrease or increase by approximately $36 or $55, respectively.
acquisition accounting. we have made a number of acquisitions in the past and may continue to make acquisitions in the future. the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. long-lived assets (principally rental equipment), goodwill and other intangible assets generally represent the largest components of our acquisitions. rental equipment is valued utilizing either a cost, market or income approach, or a combination of certain of these methods, depending on the asset being valued and the availability of market or income data. the intangible assets that we have acquired are non-compete agreements, customer relationships and trade names and associated trademarks. the estimated fair values of these intangible assets reflect various assumptions about discount rates, revenue growth rates, operating margins, terminal values, useful lives and other prospective financial information. goodwill is calculated as the excess of the cost of the acquired business over the net of the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. non-compete agreements, customer relationships and trade names and associated trademarks are valued based on an excess earnings or income approach based on projected cash flows.
determining the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired can be judgmental in nature and can involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions. the significant judgments include estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on forecasts; estimation of the long-term rate of growth; estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur; and determination of a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. when appropriate, our estimates of the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired include assistance from independent third-party appraisal firms. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, as well as the estimated life of the assets, can materially impact net income in periods subsequent to the acquisition through depreciation and amortization, and in certain instances through impairment charges, if the asset becomes impaired in the future. as discussed below, we regularly review for impairments.
when we make an acquisition, we also acquire other assets and assume liabilities. these other assets and liabilities typically include, but are not limited to, parts inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other working capital items. because of their short-term nature, the fair values of these other assets and liabilities generally approximate the book values on the acquired entities' balance sheets.
evaluation of goodwill impairment. goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment loss may have been incurred. application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including: the identification of reporting units; assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units; assignment of goodwill to reporting units; determination of the fair value of each reporting unit; and an assumption as to the form of the transaction in which the reporting unit would be acquired by a market participant (either a taxable or nontaxable transaction).
when conducting the goodwill impairment test, we are required to compare the fair value of our reporting units (which are our regions) with the carrying amount. as discussed in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, as of december 31, 2021, our divisions were our operating segments. we conducted the goodwill impairment test as of october 1, 2021 at the reporting unit level, which is one level below the operating segment level. we conducted the goodwill impairment test as of october 1, 2020 at the same reporting unit level, although at that time, the reporting unit was also the operating segment (see note 5 for further discussion of our segment structure).
financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach based on the present value of estimated future cash flows and a market approach based on market price data of shares of our company and other corporations engaged in similar businesses as well as acquisition multiples paid in recent transactions. we believe this approach, which utilizes multiple valuation techniques, yields the most appropriate evidence of fair value.
inherent in our preparation of cash flow projections are assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our operating results, business plans, expected growth rates, cost of capital and tax rates. we also make certain forecasts about future economic conditions, interest rates and other market data. many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates may change in future periods. changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit, and therefore could affect the likelihood and amount of potential impairment. the following assumptions are significant to our income approach:
business projections- we make assumptions about the level of equipment rental activity in the marketplace and cost levels. these assumptions drive our planning assumptions for pricing and utilization and also represent key inputs for developing our cash flow projections. these projections are developed using our internal business plans over a ten-year planning period that are updated at least annually;
long-term growth rates- beyond the planning period, we also utilize an assumed long-term growth rate representing the expected rate at which a reporting unit's cash flow stream is projected to grow. these rates are used to calculate the terminal value of our reporting units, and are added to the cash flows projected during our ten-year planning period; and discount rates- each reporting unit's estimated future cash flows are discounted at a rate that is consistent with a weighted-average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by market participants. the weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt holders of a business enterprise.
the market approach is one of the other methods used for estimating the fair value of our reporting units' business enterprise. this approach takes two forms: the first is based on the market value (market capitalization plus interest-bearing liabilities) and operating metrics (e.g., revenue and ebitda) of companies engaged in the same or similar line of business. the second form is based on multiples paid in recent acquisitions of companies.
in connection with our goodwill impairment test that was conducted as of october 1, 2021, we bypassed the optional qualitative assessment for each reporting unit and quantitatively compared the fair values of our reporting units with their carrying amounts. our goodwill impairment testing as of this date indicated that all of our reporting units, excluding our mobile storage and mobile storage international reporting units, had estimated fair values which exceeded their respective carrying amounts by at least 59 percent. as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, in may 2021, we completed the acquisition of general finance. all of the assets in the mobile storage and mobile storage international reporting units were acquired in the general finance acquisition. the estimated fair values of our mobile storage and mobile storage international reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts by 10 percent and 17 percent, respectively. as all of the assets in the mobile storage and mobile storage international reporting units were recorded at fair value as of the may 2021 acquisition date, we expected the percentages by which the fair values for these reporting units exceeded the carrying values to be significantly less than the equivalent percentages determined for our other reporting units.
in connection with our goodwill impairment test that was conducted as of october 1, 2020, we bypassed the optional qualitative assessment for each reporting unit and quantitatively compared the fair values of our reporting units with their carrying amounts. we considered the impact of covid-19 when performing the test, and it did not have a material impact on the test results. our goodwill impairment testing as of this date indicated that all of our reporting units, excluding our fluid solutions europe reporting unit, had estimated fair values which exceeded their respective carrying amounts by at least 42 percent. as discussed above, in july 2018, we completed the acquisition of bakercorp. all of the assets in the fluid solutions europe reporting unit were acquired in the bakercorp acquisition. the estimated fair value of our fluid solutions europe reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 22 percent. as all of the assets in the fluid solutions europe reporting unit were recorded at fair value as of the july 2018 acquisition date, we expected the percentage by which the fluid solutions europe reporting unit's fair value exceeded its carrying value to be significantly less than the equivalent percentages determined for our other reporting units.
impairment of long-lived assets (excluding goodwill). we review the recoverability of our rental equipment, property and equipment and lease assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. if there are such indications, we assess our ability to recover the carrying value of the assets from their expected future pre-tax cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges). if the expected cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value and carrying value. we also conduct impairment reviews in connection with branch consolidations and other changes in our business. as discussed in note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded asset impairment charges of $14, $36 and $5, respectively. the 2020 charges principally related to the discontinuation of certain equipment programs, and were not related to covid-19.
in support of our review for indicators of impairment, we perform a review of all assets at the district level relative to district performance and conclude whether indicators of impairment exist associated with our long-lived assets, including rental equipment. we also specifically review the financial performance of our rental equipment. such review includes an estimate of the future rental revenues from our rental assets based on current and expected utilization levels, the age of the assets and their remaining useful lives. additionally, we estimate when the assets are expected to be removed or retired from our rental fleet as well as the expected proceeds to be realized upon disposition. based on our most recently completed quarterly reviews, there were no indications of impairment associated with our rental equipment, property and equipment or lease assets.
income taxes. we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for certain future deductible or taxable temporary differences expected to be reported in our income tax returns. these deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed using the tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods when the related future deductible or taxable temporary difference is expected to be settled or realized. in the case of deferred tax assets, the future realization of the deferred tax benefits and carryforwards are determined with consideration to historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. after consideration of all these factors, we recognize deferred tax assets when we believe that it is more likely than not that we will realize them. the most significant positive evidence that we consider in the recognition of deferred tax assets is the expected reversal of cumulative deferred tax liabilities resulting from book versus tax depreciation of our rental equipment fleet that is well in excess of the deferred tax assets.
we use a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return regarding uncertainties in income tax positions. the first step is recognition: we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority with full knowledge of all relevant information. the second step is measurement: a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
we have historically considered the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested, and, accordingly, no taxes were provided on such earnings prior to the fourth quarter of 2020. in the fourth quarter of 2020, we identified cash in our foreign operations in excess of near-term working capital needs, and determined that such cash could no longer be considered indefinitely reinvested. as a result, our prior assertion that all undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries should be considered indefinitely reinvested changed. in the fourth quarter of 2021, we identified additional cash in our foreign operations in excess of near-term working capital needs, and remitted $203 of cash from foreign operations (such amount represents the cumulative amount of identified cash in our foreign operations in excess of near-term working capital needs). the taxes recorded associated with the remitted cash were immaterial in both 2020 and 2021.
we continue to expect that the remaining balance of our undistributed foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested. if we determine that all or a portion of such foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and u.s. state income taxes.
reserves for claims. we are exposed to various claims relating to our business, including those for which we retain portions of the losses through the application of deductibles and self-insured retentions, which we sometimes refer to as "self-insurance." these claims include (i) workers' compensation claims and (ii) claims by third parties for injury or property damage involving our equipment, vehicles or personnel. these types of claims may take a substantial amount of time to resolve and, accordingly, the ultimate liability associated with a particular claim may not be known for an extended period of time. our methodology for developing self-insurance reserves is based on management estimates, which incorporate periodic actuarial valuations. our estimation process considers, among other matters, the cost of known claims over time, cost inflation and incurred but not reported claims. these estimates may change based on, among other things, changes in our claims history or receipt of additional information relevant to assessing the claims. further, these estimates may prove to be inaccurate due to factors such as adverse judicial determinations or settlements at higher than estimated amounts. accordingly, we may be required to increase or decrease our reserve levels.
results of operations as discussed in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, our reportable segments are general rentals and specialty. the general rentals segment includes the rental of construction, aerial, industrial and homeowner equipment and related services and activities. the general rentals segment's customers include construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, homeowners and government entities. this segment operates throughout the united states and canada. the specialty segment includes the rental of specialty construction products such as i) trench safety equipment, such as trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails, crossing plates, construction lasers and line testing equipment for underground work, ii) power and hvac equipment, such as portable diesel generators, electrical distribution equipment, and temperature control equipment, iii) fluid solutions equipment primarily used for fluid containment, transfer and treatment, and iv) mobile storage equipment and modular office space. the specialty segment's customers include construction companies involved in infrastructure projects, municipalities and industrial companies. this segment primarily operates in the united states and canada, and has a limited presence in europe, australia and new zealand.
as discussed in note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, we aggregate our four geographic divisions-central, northeast, southeast and west-into our general rentals reporting segment. historically, there have occasionally been variances in the levels of equipment rentals gross margins achieved by these divisions, though such variances have generally been small (close to or less than 10 percent, measured versus the equipment rentals gross margins of the aggregated general rentals' divisions). for the five year period ended december 31, 2021, there was no general rentals' division with an equipment rentals gross margin that differed materially from the equipment rentals gross margin of the aggregated general rentals' divisions. the rental industry is cyclical, and there historically have occasionally been divisions with equipment rentals gross margins that varied by greater than 10 percent from the equipment rentals gross margins of the aggregated general rentals' divisions, though the specific divisions with margin variances of over 10 percent have fluctuated, and such variances have generally not exceeded 10 percent by a significant amount. we monitor the margin variances and confirm margin similarity between divisions on a quarterly basis.
we believe that the divisions that are aggregated into our segments have similar economic characteristics, as each division is capital intensive, offers similar products to similar customers, uses similar methods to distribute its products, and is subject to similar competitive risks. the aggregation of our divisions also reflects the management structure that we use for making operating decisions and assessing performance. although we believe aggregating these divisions into our reporting segments for segment reporting purposes is appropriate, to the extent that there are significant margin variances that do not converge, we may be required to disaggregate the divisions into separate reporting segments. any such disaggregation would have no impact on our consolidated results of operations.
these reporting segments align our external segment reporting with how management evaluates business performance and allocates resources. we evaluate segment performance primarily based on segment equipment rentals gross profit. our revenues, operating results, and financial condition fluctuate from quarter to quarter reflecting the seasonal rental patterns of our customers, with rental activity tending to be lower in the winter.
equipment rentals. 2021 equipment rentals of $8.2 billion increased 14.9 percent as compared to 2020, primarily due to a 10.4 percent increase in fleet productivity, which included the more pronounced impact of covid-19, which resulted in rental volume declines in response to shelter-in-place orders and other market restrictions, in 2020. covid-19 began to impact our operations in march 2020. in 2021, we have seen evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets. equipment rentals represented 84 percent of total revenues in 2021.
on a segment basis, equipment rentals represented 83 percent and 90 percent of total revenues for general rentals and specialty, respectively. general rentals equipment rentals increased 11.0 percent as compared to 2020, primarily due to increased fleet productivity, which included the more pronounced impact of covid-19 during 2020. in 2021, we have seen evidence of a continuing recovery of activity across our end-markets. specialty rentals increased 27.9 percent as compared to 2020, including the impact of the general finance acquisition. on a pro forma basis including the standalone, pre-acquisition revenues of general finance, equipment rentals increased 18 percent. the increase in equipment rentals reflects increased fleet productivity, which included the more pronounced impact of covid-19 during 2020, as well as a slight increase in average oec.
sales of rental equipment. for the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, sales of rental equipment represented approximately 10 percent of our total revenues. our general rentals segment accounted for most of these sales. 2021 sales of rental equipment increased 12.8 percent from 2020 primarily due to improved pricing in a strong used equipment market and the impact of the general finance acquisition.
sales of new equipment. for the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, sales of new equipment represented approximately 3 percent of our total revenues. our general rentals segment accounted for most of these sales. 2021 sales of new equipment of $203 decreased 17.8 percent from 2020 primarily due to supply chain challenges. for a discussion of the risks associated with supply chain disruptions, see item 1a- risk factors ("operational risks-disruptions in our supply chain could result in adverse effects on our results of operations and financial performance").
fourth quarter items. there were no unusual or infrequently occurring items recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021 that had a material impact on our financial statements. in the fourth quarter of 2020, we redeemed all of our 4 5/8 percent senior notes due 2025 using borrowings available under our abl facility. upon redemption, we recognized a loss of $24 in interest expense, net, reflecting the difference between the net carrying amount and the total purchase price of the redeemed notes.
segment equipment rentals gross profit segment equipment rentals gross profit and gross margin for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021 were as follows:
equipment rentals gross profit            $2,269                      $998                     $3,267
equipment rentals gross profit            $1,954                      $765                     $2,719
equipment rentals gross profit            $2,407                      $800                     $3,207
general rentals. for the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, general rentals accounted for 72 percent of our total equipment rentals gross profit. this contribution percentage is consistent with general rentals' equipment rental revenue contribution over the same period. for the year ended december 31, 2021, general rentals' equipment rentals gross profit increased by $315, and equipment rentals gross margin increased by 170 basis points, from 2020, which included a $26 asset impairment charge that primarily reflected the discontinuation of certain equipment programs and was not related to covid-19. excluding the impact of asset impairment charges, equipment rentals gross margin increased 130 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to a reduction in depreciation expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by a higher bonus accrual, which reflects improved profitability, and increases in certain operating expenses, including delivery costs, as a percentage of revenue.
specialty. for the year ended december 31, 2021, equipment rentals gross profit increased by $233, and equipment rentals gross margin increased by 90 basis points from 2020. gross margin increased primarily due to decreases in depreciation and labor expenses as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by a higher proportion of revenue from certain lower margin ancillary fees in 2021 and increases in certain operating expenses, including delivery costs, as a percentage of revenue.
2021 gross margin of 39.7 percent increased 240 basis points from 2020. equipment rentals gross margin increased 170 basis points from 2020, which included a $30 asset impairment charge that primarily reflected the discontinuation of certain equipment programs and was not related to covid-19. excluding the impact of asset impairment charges, equipment rentals gross margin increased 150 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to a reduction in depreciation expense as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by higher bonus expense, which reflects improved profitability, and increases in certain operating expenses, including delivery costs, as a percentage of revenue. gross margin from sales of rental equipment increased 580 basis points from 2020 primarily due to improved pricing in a strong used equipment market. the gross margin fluctuations from sales of new equipment, contractor supplies sales and service and other revenues generally reflect normal variability, the more pronounced impact of covid-19 in 2020 and the impact of the general finance acquisition, and such revenue types did not account for a significant portion of total gross profit (gross profit for these revenue types represented 4 percent of total gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2021).
effective tax rate                                                  24.9   %                  21.9   %                    22.5   %                 300 bps                (60) bps sg&a expense primarily includes sales force compensation, information technology costs, third party professional fees, management salaries, bad debt expense and clerical and administrative overhead. the increase in sg&a expense as a percentage of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to higher bonus and stock compensation expenses, which reflect improved profitability.
the merger related costs primarily reflect transaction costs associated with the general finance acquisition that was completed in may 2021, as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. we have made a number of acquisitions in the past and may continue to make acquisitions in the future. merger related costs only include costs associated with major acquisitions, each of which had annual revenues of over $200 prior to acquisition, that significantly impact our operations.
the restructuring charges for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily reflect severance costs and branch closure charges associated with our restructuring programs. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
non-rental depreciation and amortization includes (i) the amortization of other intangible assets and (ii) depreciation expense associated with equipment that is not offered for rent (such as computers and office equipment) and amortization expense associated with leasehold improvements. our other intangible assets consist of customer relationships, non-compete agreements and trade names and associated trademarks.
other expense (income), net primarily includes (i) currency gains and losses, (ii) finance charges, (iii) gains and losses on sales of non-rental equipment and (iv) other miscellaneous items.
a detailed reconciliation of the effective tax rates to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate is included in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased year-over-year primarily due to the release in 2020 of a valuation allowance on foreign tax credits.
in march 2020, the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act ("cares act") was enacted. the cares act, among other things, includes provisions relating to net operating loss carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, modifications to the net interest deduction limitations, technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property and deferral of employer payroll taxes. the cares act did not materially impact our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2021. as of december 31, 2021, we have deferred employer payroll taxes of $27 under the cares act, all of which is due in 2022.
balance sheet. accounts receivable, net increased by $362, or 27.5 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 primarily due to increased revenue. prepaid expenses and other assets decreased by $209, or 55.7 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021, primarily due to refundable deposits on expected purchases, primarily of rental equipment, pursuant to advanced purchase agreements, as discussed further in note 7 to our consolidated financial statements. rental equipment, net increased by $1.855 billion, or 21.3 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 primarily due to the impact of the general finance acquisition and increased capital expenditures. as discussed above, capital expenditures were significantly reduced in 2020 due to covid-19, while capital expenditures in 2021 have exceeded historic (pre-covid-19) levels. accounts payable increased by $350, or 75.1 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021, primarily due to increased business activity. accrued expenses and other liabilities increased $161, or 22.4 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021, primarily due to a higher bonus accrual, which reflects increased profitability, and the impact of the general finance acquisition. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on accrued expenses and other liabilities. deferred taxes increased by $386, or 21.8 percent, from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 primarily due to the impact of the general finance acquisition and increased capital expenditures. see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further detail on deferred taxes.
liquidity and capital resources.
we manage our liquidity using internal cash management practices, which are subject to (i) the policies and cooperation of the financial institutions we utilize to maintain and provide cash management services, (ii) the terms and other requirements of the agreements to which we are a party and (iii) the statutes, regulations and practices of each of the local jurisdictions in which we operate. see "financial overview" above for a summary of the 2021 capital structure actions taken to improve our financial flexibility and liquidity.
our principal existing sources of cash are cash generated from operations and from the sale of rental equipment, and borrowings available under our abl and accounts receivable securitization facilities. as of december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $144. cash equivalents at december 31, 2021 consist of direct obligations of financial institutions rated a or better. we believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. the table below presents financial information associated with our principal sources of cash as of and for the year december 31, 2021:
abl facility:
borrowing capacity, net of letters of credit                         $2,650
accounts receivable securitization facility (2):
borrowing capacity                                                       57
(1)the maximum outstanding debt under the abl facility exceeded the average outstanding debt primarily due to the use of borrowings under the abl facility to fund most of the cost of the general finance acquisition discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)as discussed in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the accounts receivable securitization facility expires on june 24, 2022 and may be further extended on a 364-day basis by mutual agreement with the purchasers under the facility.
we expect that our principal short-term (over the next 12 months) and long-term needs for cash relating to our operations will be to fund (i) operating activities and working capital, (ii) the purchase of rental equipment and inventory items offered for sale, (iii) payments due under operating leases, (iv) debt service, (v) share repurchases and (vi) acquisitions. we plan to fund such cash requirements from our existing sources of cash. in addition, we may seek additional financing through the securitization of some of our real estate, the use of additional operating leases or other financing sources as market conditions permit. the table below presents information on payments coming due under the most significant categories of our needs for cash (excluding operating cash flows pertaining to normal business operations, such as human capital costs, which are not accurately estimable) as of december 31, 2021:
(1)    the payments due with respect to a period represent (i) in the case of debt and finance leases, the scheduled principal payments due in such period, and (ii) in the case of operating leases, the payments due in such period for non-cancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further debt information, and note 14 for further finance lease and operating lease information.
(3)    as of december 31, 2021, we had outstanding advance purchase orders, which were negotiated in the ordinary course of business, with our equipment and inventory suppliers. these purchase orders can generally be cancelled by us without cancellation penalties. the equipment and inventory receipts from the suppliers pursuant to these purchase orders and the related payments to the suppliers are expected to be completed throughout 2022 and 2023.
the amount of our future capital expenditures will depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and growth prospects. we expect that we will fund such expenditures from cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale of rental and non-rental equipment and, if required, borrowings available under the abl facility and accounts receivable securitization facility. net rental capital expenditures (defined as purchases of rental equipment less the proceeds from sales of rental equipment) were $2.030 billion and $103 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. as discussed above, disciplined management of capital expenditures and fleet capacity is a component of our covid-19 response plan, which contributed to net rental capital expenditures in 2020 that were significantly below historic levels.
to access the capital markets, we rely on credit rating agencies to assign ratings to our securities as an indicator of credit quality. lower credit ratings generally result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to debt capital markets. credit ratings also affect the costs of derivative transactions, including interest rate and foreign currency derivative transactions. as a result, negative changes in our credit ratings could adversely impact our costs of funding. our credit ratings as of january 24, 2022 were as follows:
corporate rating        outlook moody's                       ba1                     stable standard &amp; poor's         bb+                     stable a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. there is no assurance that any rating will remain in effect for a given period of time or that any rating will not be revised or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future.
loan covenants and compliance. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants and other provisions of the abl, accounts receivable securitization and term loan facilities and the senior notes. any failure to be in compliance with any material provision or covenant of these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and operations.
the only financial covenant that currently exists under the abl facility is the fixed charge coverage ratio. subject to certain limited exceptions specified in the abl facility, the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant under the abl facility will only apply in the future if specified availability under the abl facility falls below 10 percent of the maximum revolver amount under the abl facility. when certain conditions are met, cash and cash equivalents and borrowing base collateral in excess of the abl facility size may be included when calculating specified availability under the abl facility. as of december 31, 2021, specified availability under the abl facility exceeded the required threshold and, as a result, this financial covenant was inapplicable. under our accounts receivable securitization facility, we are required, among other things, to maintain certain financial tests relating to: (i) the default ratio, (ii) the delinquency ratio, (iii) the dilution ratio and (iv) days sales outstanding. the accounts receivable securitization facility also requires us to comply with the fixed charge coverage ratio under the abl facility, to the extent the ratio is applicable under the abl facility.
urna's payment capacity is restricted under the covenants in the abl and term loan facilities and the indentures governing its outstanding indebtedness. although this restricted capacity limits our ability to move operating cash flows to holdings, because of certain intercompany arrangements, we do not expect any material adverse impact on holdings' ability to meet its cash obligations.
sources and uses of cash. during 2021, we (i) generated cash from operating activities of $3.689 billion and (ii) generated cash from the sale of rental and non-rental equipment of $998. we used cash during this period principally to (i) purchase rental and non-rental equipment and intangible assets of $3.198 billion, (ii) purchase other companies for $1.436 billion and (iii) make debt payments, net of proceeds, of $98. during 2020, we (i) generated cash from operating activities of $2.658 billion, which included $300 of cash outflow for refundable deposits on expected rental equipment purchases, as discussed further in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, and (ii) generated cash from the sale of rental and non-rental equipment of $900. we used cash during this period principally to (i) purchase rental and non-rental equipment of $1.158 billion, (ii) make debt payments, net of proceeds, of $1.985 billion and (iii) purchase shares of our common stock for $286.
free cash flow gaap reconciliation we define "free cash flow" as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of, and plus proceeds from, equipment and intangible assets. the equipment and intangible asset purchases and proceeds are included in cash flows from investing activities. management believes that free cash flow provides useful additional information concerning cash flow available to meet future debt service obligations and working capital requirements. however, free cash flow is not a measure of financial performance or liquidity under gaap. accordingly, free cash flow should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flow from operating activities as an indicator of operating performance or liquidity. the table below provides a reconciliation between net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow.
net cash provided by operating activities                         $3,689                      $2,658                      $3,024
free cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $1.514 billion, a decrease of $926 as compared to $2.440 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. free cash flow decreased primarily due to increased net rental capital expenditures (purchases of rental equipment less the proceeds from sales of rental equipment), partially offset by increased net cash provided by operating activities. net rental capital expenditures increased $1.927 billion, or 1,871 percent, year-over-year. as discussed above, disciplined management of capital expenditures and fleet capacity is a component of our covid-19 response plan, which contributed to net rental capital expenditures in 2020 that were significantly below historic (pre-covid-19) levels, while capital expenditures in 2021 have exceeded historic levels.
relationship between holdings and urna. holdings is principally a holding company and primarily conducts its operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, urna, and subsidiaries of urna. holdings licenses its tradename and other intangibles and provides certain services to urna in connection with its operations. these services principally include: (i) senior management services; (ii) finance and tax-related services and support; (iii) information technology systems and support; (iv) acquisition-related services; (v) legal services; and (vi) human resource support. in addition, holdings leases certain equipment and real property that are made available for use by urna and its subsidiaries.
information regarding guarantors of urna indebtedness urna is 100 percent owned by holdings and has certain outstanding indebtedness that is guaranteed by both holdings and, with the exception of its u.s. special purpose vehicle which holds receivable assets relating to the company's accounts receivable securitization facility (the "spv"), captive insurance subsidiaries and immaterial subsidiaries acquired in connection with the general finance acquisition, all of urna's u.s. subsidiaries (the "guarantor subsidiaries"). other than the guarantee by our canadian subsidiary of urna's indebtedness under the abl facility, none of urna's indebtedness is guaranteed by urna's foreign subsidiaries, the spv, captive insurance subsidiaries or immaterial subsidiaries acquired in connection with the general finance acquisition (together, the "non-guarantor subsidiaries"). the receivable assets owned by the spv have been sold or contributed by urna to the spv and are not available to satisfy the obligations of urna or holdings' other subsidiaries. holdings consolidates each of urna and the guarantor subsidiaries in its consolidated financial statements. urna and the guarantor subsidiaries are all 100 percent-owned and controlled by holdings. holdings' guarantees of urna's indebtedness are full and unconditional, except that the guarantees may be automatically released and relieved upon satisfaction of the requirements for legal defeasance or covenant defeasance under the applicable indenture being met. the holdings guarantees are also subject to subordination provisions (to the same extent that the obligations of the issuer under the relevant notes are subordinated to other debt of the issuer) and to a standard limitation which provides that the maximum amount guaranteed by holdings will not exceed the maximum amount that can be guaranteed without making the guarantee void under fraudulent conveyance laws.
the guarantees of holdings and the guarantor subsidiaries are made on a joint and several basis. the guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are not full and unconditional because a guarantor subsidiary can be automatically released and relieved of its obligations under certain circumstances, including sale of the guarantor subsidiary, the sale of all or substantially all of the guarantor subsidiary's assets, the requirements for legal defeasance or covenant defeasance under the applicable indenture being met, designating the guarantor subsidiary as an unrestricted subsidiary for purposes of the applicable covenants or the notes being rated investment grade by both standard & poor's ratings services and moody's investors service, inc., or, in certain circumstances, another rating agency selected by urna. like the holdings guarantees, the guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are subject to subordination provisions (to the same extent that the obligations of the issuer under the relevant notes are subordinated to other debt of the issuer) and to a standard limitation which provides that the maximum amount guaranteed by each guarantor will not exceed the maximum amount that can be guaranteed without making the guarantee void under fraudulent conveyance laws.
all of the existing guarantees by holdings and the guarantor subsidiaries rank equally in right of payment with all of the guarantors' existing and future senior indebtedness. the secured indebtedness of holdings and the guarantor subsidiaries (including guarantees of urna's existing and future secured indebtedness) will rank effectively senior to guarantees of any unsecured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. future guarantees of subordinated indebtedness will rank junior to any existing and future senior indebtedness of the guarantors. the guarantees of urna's indebtedness are effectively junior to any indebtedness of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors, including our foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2021, indebtedness of our non-guarantors included (i) $843 of outstanding borrowings by the spv in connection with the company's accounts receivable securitization facility, (ii) $141 of outstanding borrowings under the abl facility by non-guarantor subsidiaries and (iii) $9 of finance leases of our non-guarantor subsidiaries.
covenants in the abl facility, accounts receivable securitization and term loan facilities, and the other agreements governing our debt, impose operating and financial restrictions on urna, holdings and the guarantor subsidiaries, including limitations on the ability to make share repurchases and dividend payments. as of december 31, 2021, the amount available for distribution under the most restrictive of these covenants was $1.602 billion. the company's total available capacity for making share repurchases and dividend payments includes the intercompany receivable balance of holdings. as of december 31, 2021, our total available capacity for making share repurchases and dividend payments, which includes urna's capacity to make restricted payments and the intercompany receivable balance of holdings, was $5.396 billion.
based on our understanding of rule 3-10 of regulation s-x ("rule 3-10"), we believe that holdings' guarantees of urna indebtedness comply with the conditions set forth in rule 3-10, which enable us to present summarized financial information for holdings, urna and the consolidated guarantor subsidiaries in accordance with rule 13-01 of regulation s-x. the summarized financial information excludes information regarding the non-guarantor subsidiaries. in accordance with rule 3-10, separate financial statements of the guarantor subsidiaries have not been presented.
current liabilities                                       1,569
long-term liabilities                                    11,280
total liabilities                                        12,849
gross profit                                              3,490