Risk is inherent in all our business activities. Sound risk management enables us to serve our customers and deliver for our shareholders. We take a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined risk framework and an articulated risk appetite statement, which are approved annually by the enterprise risk committee and the board. We maintain operational risk management and operational resiliency capabilities designed to permit us to meet the expectations of our customers and clients through a range of operating conditions. We conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting on a regular basis to better understand balance sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to a wide range of economic and business scenarios, including economic and market conditions that are more severe than anticipated. We maintain comprehensive contingency plans, including our financial contingency and recovery plan, which provide monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable us to increase capital and/or liquidity, access funding sources and reduce risk through consideration of potential options such as asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances, and other risk reducing strategies at various levels of capital or liquidity depletion during a period of stress. We manage strategic risk through our strategic risk enterprise policy and integration into the strategic planning process, ensuring our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan and liquidity requirements and specifically addresses strategic risks impacting each business. We believe that a centralized approach to funding and liquidity management enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timely responses to liquidity events, supported by our global liquidity sources comprised of cash and high-quality liquid unencumbered securities. We evaluate contractual and contingent cash outflows under both expected and stressed conditions and maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity. We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower or counterparty, repayment sources, the nature of underlying collateral and other support given current events, conditions and expectations, and employ a variety of actions to mitigate losses, including heightened portfolio monitoring, hedging activity and transfer of management of deteriorating exposures. Front line units, which include our lines of business, global technology and global operations, are responsible for appropriately assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their activities, while global risk management operates as our independent risk management function, establishing written enterprise policies and procedures outlining how aggregate risks are identified, measured, monitored and controlled. We maintain a model validation policy to mitigate model risk arising from potential adverse consequences of decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. We maintain contingency liquidity through our arrangements with nb holdings corporation to facilitate our preferred single point of entry resolution strategy. We manage interest rate risk in the banking book by forecasting net interest income over a 12-month horizon under parallel and non-parallel rate scenarios and hedge exposure through securities and derivatives. We conduct daily backtesting and scenario analysis of market risk value-at-risk results across our trading portfolios and maintain limits consistent with our risk appetite for key risk measures to enable timely responses to market volatility. We have processes and procedures in place to respond to cybersecurity incidents and to maintain operational resiliency in the face of disruption. Collectively, these practices enable the maintenance of positive adjustment under challenging conditions and support our ability to preserve or improve our functioning despite the presence of adversity.