management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations significant acquisitions expose the company to risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
while acquisitions have been and continue to be a part of the company's growth strategy, acquisitions of large companies (such as the acquisition of taminco and solutia) subject the company to a number of risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on eastman. these include, but are not limited to the possibilities that the financial performance of the acquired business may be significantly worse than expected; that significant additional indebtedness may constrain the company's ability to access the credit and capital markets at attractive interest rates and favorable terms, which may negatively impact the company's liquidity or ability to pursue certain growth initiatives; that the company may not be able to achieve the cost, revenue, tax, or other "synergies" expected from any acquisition, or that there may be delays in achieving any such synergies; that management's time and effort may be dedicated to the new business resulting in a loss of focus on the successful operation of the company's existing businesses; and that the company may be required to expend significant additional resources in order to integrate any acquired business into eastman or that the integration efforts will not achieve the expected benefits.
the company's substantial global operations subject it to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.
more than half of the company's sales for 2016 were to customers outside of north america. the company expects sales from international markets to continue to represent a significant portion of the its sales. also, a significant portion of manufacturing capacity is located outside of the united states. accordingly, the company's business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, cultural, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in u.s. dollars of products and services provided in foreign countries. in addition, the u.s. or foreign countries may impose additional taxes or otherwise tax eastman's foreign income, or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls or limitations on imports or exports. certain legal and political risks are also inherent in the operation of a company with eastman's global scope. for example, it may be more difficult for eastman to enforce its agreements or collect receivables through foreign legal systems, and the laws of some countries may not protect the company's intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect eastman's intellectual property rights or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could result in loss of valuable proprietary information. there is also risk that foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises in certain countries where eastman operates. social and cultural norms in certain countries may not support compliance with eastman's corporate policies including those that require compliance with substantive laws and regulations. also, changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where eastman operates are a risk to the company's financial performance. as eastman continues to operate its business globally, its success will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to its multinational operations will not have an adverse effect on eastman's business, financial condition or results of operations.
legislative or regulatory actions could increase the company's future compliance costs.
the company and its facilities and businesses are subject to complex health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and internationally, which require and will continue to require significant expenditures to remain in compliance with such laws and regulations. the company's accruals for such costs and associated liabilities are subject to changes in estimates on which the accruals are based. for example, any amount accrued for environmental matters reflects the company's assumptions about remediation requirements at the contaminated site, the nature of the remedy, the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, and the number and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties. changes in the estimates on which the accruals are based, unanticipated government enforcement action, or changes in health, safety, environmental, chemical control regulations, and testing requirements could result in higher costs. specifically, pending and proposed u.s. federal legislation and regulation increase the likelihood that the company's manufacturing sites will in the future be impacted by regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and energy policy, which legislation and regulation, if enacted, may result in capital expenditures, increases in costs for raw materials and energy, limitations on raw material and energy source and supply choices, and other direct compliance costs.
60
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in addition to the foregoing most significant known risk factors to the company, there may be other factors, not currently known to the company, which could, in the future, materially adversely affect the company, its business, financial condition, or results of operations. the foregoing discussion of the most significant risk factors to the company does not necessarily present them in order of importance. this disclosure, including that under "outlook" and other forward-looking statements and related disclosures made by the company in this annual report and elsewhere from time to time, represents management's best judgment as of the date the information is given. the company does not undertake responsibility for updating any of such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. investors are advised, however, to consult any further public company disclosures (such as in filings with the securities and exchange commission or in company press releases) on related subjects.
61
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
