item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview expeditors international of washington, inc. is a global logistics company. our services include air and ocean freight consolidation and forwarding, customs clearance, warehousing and distribution, purchase order management, vendor consolidation, time-definite transportation services, cargo insurance and other logistics solutions. we do not compete for overnight courier or small parcel business. as a non-asset based carrier, we do not own or operate transportation assets.
we derive our revenues from three principal sources: 1) airfreight services, 2) ocean freight and ocean services, and 3) customs brokerage and other services. these are the revenue categories presented in our financial statements.
we generate the major portion of our air and ocean freight revenues by purchasing transportation services on a wholesale basis from direct (asset-based) carriers and reselling those services to our customers on a retail basis. the difference between the rate billed to our customers (the sell rate) and the rate we pay to the carrier (the buy rate) is termed "net revenue" (a non-gaap measure), "yield" or "margin." by consolidating shipments
| 16.
from multiple customers and concentrating our buying power, we are able to negotiate favorable buy rates from the direct carriers, while at the same time offering lower sell rates than customers would otherwise be able to negotiate themselves. the most significant drivers of changes in gross revenues and related transportation expenses are volume, sell rates and buy rates. volume has a similar effect on the change in both gross revenues and related transportation expenses in each of our three primary sources of revenue.
in most cases we act as an indirect carrier. when acting as an indirect carrier, we issue a house airway bill (hawb), a house ocean bill of lading (hobl) or a house seaway bill to customers as the contract of carriage. in turn, when the freight is physically tendered to a direct carrier, we receive a contract of carriage known as a master airway bill for airfreight shipments and a master ocean bill of lading for ocean shipments. in these transactions, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the gross or net amount as revenue. generally, revenue is recorded on a gross basis when we are the primary obligor, are obligated to compensate direct carriers for services performed regardless of whether customers accept the service, have latitude in establishing price, have discretion in selecting the direct carrier, have credit risk or have several but not all of these indicators. revenue is generally recorded on a net basis where we are not primarily obligated and do not have latitude in establishing prices. such amounts earned are determined using a fixed fee, a per unit of activity fee or a combination thereof.
for revenues earned in other capacities, for instance, when we do not issue a hawb, a hobl, or a house seaway bill or otherwise act solely as an agent for the shipper, only the commissions and fees earned for such services are included in revenues. in these transactions, we are not a principal and report only commissions and fees earned in revenue.
customs brokerage and other services involves providing services at destination, such as helping customers clear shipments through customs by preparing and filing required documentation, calculating and providing for payment of duties and other taxes on behalf of customers as well as arranging for any required inspections by governmental agencies, and arranging for delivery. these are complicated functions requiring technical knowledge of customs rules and regulations in the multitude of countries in which we have offices.
we manage our company along five geographic areas of responsibility: americas; north asia; south asia; europe; and middle east, africa and india (mair). each area is divided into sub-regions which are composed of operating units with individual profit and loss responsibility. our business involves shipments between operating units and typically touches more than one geographic area. the nature of the international logistics business necessitates a high degree of communication and cooperation among operating units. because of this inter-relationship between operating units, it is very difficult to examine any one geographic area and draw meaningful conclusions as to its contribution to our overall success on a stand-alone basis. the following chart shows net revenues by geographic areas of responsibility for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:
our operating units share revenue using the same arms-length pricing methodologies that we use when our offices transact business with independent agents. certain costs are allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying services, which can include allocation based on actual costs incurred or estimated cost plus a profit margin. our strategy closely links compensation with operating unit profitability. individual success is closely linked to cooperation with other operating units within our network.
| 17.
the mix of services varies by segment based primarily on the import or export orientation of local operations in each of our regions. in accordance with our revenue recognition policy (see note 1. e to the consolidated financial statements of this report), almost all freight revenues and related expenses are recorded at origin and shipment profits are split between origin and destination offices by recording a commission fee or profit share revenue at destination and a corresponding commission or profit share expense as a component of origin consolidation costs.
north asia is our largest export oriented region and accounted for 37% of revenues, 22% of net revenues and 34% of operating income for the year ended december 31, 2016. north asia's net revenues as a percentage of revenues is lower than other segments due to the largely export nature of operations in that region.
expeditors' culture from the inception of our company, management has believed that the elements required for a successful global service organization can only be assured through recruiting, training, and ultimately retaining superior personnel. we believe that our greatest challenge is now and always has been perpetuating a consistent global corporate culture which demands:
•   total dedication, first and foremost, to providing superior customer service;
•   compliance with our policies and procedures and government regulations;
•   aggressive marketing of all of our service offerings;
•   ongoing development of key employees and management personnel via formal and informal means;
•   creation of unlimited advancement opportunities for employees dedicated to hard work, personal growth and continuous improvement;
•   individual commitment to the identification and mentoring of successors for every key position so that when inevitable change occurs, a qualified and well-trained internal candidate is ready to step forward; and
•   continuous identification, design and implementation of system solutions and differentiated service offerings, both technological and otherwise, to meet and exceed the needs of our customers while simultaneously delivering tools to make our employees more efficient and more effective.
we reinforce these values with a compensation system that rewards employees for profitably managing the things they can control. this compensation system has been in place since we became a publicly traded company. there is no limit to how much a key, non-executive manager can be compensated for success. we believe in a "real world" environment where the employees of our operating units are held accountable for the profit implications of their decisions. if these decisions result in operating losses, management generally must make up these losses with future operating profits, in the aggregate, before any cash incentive compensation can be earned. executive management, in limited circumstances, makes exceptions at the branch operating unit level. at the same time, our policies, processes and relevant training focus on such things as cargo management, risk mitigation, compliance, accounts receivable collection, cash flow and credit soundness in an attempt to help managers avoid the kinds of errors that might end a career.
we believe that failure to perpetuate our unique culture on a self-sustained basis throughout our organization quite possibly provides a greater threat to our continued success than any external force, which likely would be largely beyond our control. we strongly believe that it is nearly impossible to predict events that, individually or in the aggregate, could have a positive or a negative impact on our future operations. as a result, management's focus is on building and maintaining a global corporate culture and an environment where well-trained employees and managers are prepared to identify and react to changes as they develop and thereby help us adapt and thrive as major trends emerge.
our ability to provide services to customers is highly dependent on good working relationships with a variety of entities including airlines, ocean carriers, ground transportation providers and governmental agencies. the significance of maintaining acceptable working relationships with these entities has gained increased importance as a result of ongoing concern over terrorism, security, changes in governmental regulation and oversight of international trade. a good reputation helps to develop practical working understandings that will assist in meeting security requirements while minimizing potential international trade obstacles, especially as governments promulgate new regulations and increase oversight and enforcement of new and existing laws. we consider our current working relationships with these entities to be satisfactory.
our business is also highly dependent on the financial stability and operational capabilities of the carriers we utilize. over the last two years, airline profitability has improved, although many air carriers remain highly leveraged with debt. moreover, the ocean carrier industry has incurred substantial losses in recent years, many carriers are highly leveraged with debt and certain carriers are facing significant liquidity challenges, such as those that led to the bankruptcy filing of a large ocean carrier that occurred in august 2016. this situation requires that we be selective in determining which carriers to utilize. further changes in the financial stability, operating capabilities and capacity of asset-based carriers, space allotments available from carriers, governmental regulations, and/or trade accords could adversely affect our business in unpredictable ways.
international trade and competition we operate in over 60 countries in the competitive global logistics industry and our activities are closely tied to the global economy. international trade is influenced by many factors, including economic and political conditions in the united states and abroad, currency exchange rates, and laws and policies relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation. periodically, governments consider a variety of changes to current tariffs and trade restrictions and accords. we cannot predict which, if any, of these proposals may be adopted, or the effects the adoption of any such proposal will have on our business. doing business in foreign locations also subjects us to a variety of risks and considerations not normally encountered by domestic enterprises. in addition to being influenced by governmental policies concerning international trade, our business may also be negatively affected by recent political developments and changes in government personnel or policies in the united states and other countries, as well as economic turbulence, political unrest and security concerns in the nations in which we conduct business and the future impact that these events may have on international trade and oil prices.
the global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. consistent with continuing uncertainty in global trade and economic conditions, concerns over volatile fuel costs, disruptions in port services, political unrest and fluctuating
| 18.
currency exchange rates, our pricing and terms continue to be pressured by customers, carriers and service providers. we expect these operating and competitive conditions to continue.
ocean carriers have incurred substantial operating losses in recent years, and many are highly leveraged with debt. these financial challenges have resulted in the 2016 bankruptcy of one of the larger carriers in the market, as well as multiple mergers and acquisitions, as the carriers pursue scale and market share in an effort to reduce operating costs and improve their financial results. additionally, while the overall global volumes have increased slightly over recent years, many carriers continue to take delivery of new and larger ships, which has created excess capacity. consequently, when the market experiences seasonal peaks or any sort of disruption, the carriers react by increasing their pricing as quickly as possible. this carrier behavior creates pricing volatility that could impact expeditors' ability to maintain historical unitary profitability.
there is uncertainty as to how changes in oil prices will impact future buy rates. because fuel is an integral part of carriers' costs and impacts both our cargo space buy rates and sell rates to customers, we would expect our gross revenues and costs to be impacted as carriers adjust rates for the effect of changing fuel prices. however, other than temporary impacts as buy and sell rates adjust to change, we would not expect an adverse effect on net revenues resulting from future movements in oil prices.
the global economic environment and trade growth remain uncertain. we cannot predict what impact this may have on our operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior. additionally, we cannot predict the direct or indirect impact that changes in consumer purchasing behavior, such as on-line shopping, could have on our business.
critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
management believes that the nature of our business is such that there are few complex challenges in accounting for operations. while judgments and estimates are a necessary component of any system of accounting, the use of estimates is limited primarily to the following areas:
•   accounts receivable valuation;
•   accrual of costs related to ancillary services we provide;
•   accrual of insurance liabilities for the portion of the related exposure which we have self-insured;
•   accrual of various tax liabilities;
•   accrual of loss contingencies; and
•   calculation of stock-based compensation expense.
these estimates, other than the accrual of loss contingencies, tax liabilities and calculation of stock-based compensation expense, are not highly uncertain and have not historically been subject to significant change. management believes that the methods utilized in all of these areas are non-aggressive in approach and consistent in application. management believes that there are limited, if any, alternative accounting principles or methods which could be applied to these transactions. while the use of estimates means that actual future results may be different from those contemplated by the estimates, management believes that alternative principles and methods used for making such estimates would not produce materially different results than those reported.
the outcomes of government investigations, legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a contingency such as a government investigation, legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. disclosure of a loss contingency is required if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a significant loss has been incurred. in determining whether a loss should be accrued, management evaluates several factors, including advice from outside legal counsel, in order to estimate the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss or range of reasonably possible loss. changes in these factors could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows for any particular quarter or year.
we are subject to taxation in multiple u.s. and foreign tax jurisdictions. as discussed in note 1.f to the consolidated financial statements in this report, the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, u.s. federal and state income taxes are provided for all undistributed earnings net of related foreign tax credits. accounting for income taxes involves estimates and judgments. management believes our tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are reasonable and consistent. as a matter of course, expeditors is audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution could result in additional tax payments being required. we establish liabilities when, despite our belief that the tax return positions are appropriate and consistent with tax law, we conclude that we may not be successful in realizing the tax benefit. in evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position and in consultation with qualified tax advisors. our estimate of any ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by the taxing jurisdiction. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support the evaluation of our tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of tax liabilities could be materially different from estimates.
as described in note 1.h to the consolidated financial statements in this report, we account for stock-based compensation based on an estimate of the fair value of options granted to employees under our stock option and stock purchase rights plans. this expense, as adjusted for expected forfeitures, is recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
determining the appropriate option pricing model to use to estimate stock compensation expense requires judgment. any option pricing model requires assumptions that are subjective and these assumptions also require judgment. examples include assumptions about long-term stock price volatility, employee exercise patterns, pre-vesting option forfeitures, post-vesting option terminations, and future interest rates and dividend yields. historically, we have used the black-scholes model for estimating the fair value of stock options.
| 19.
management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate based upon our historical and currently expected future experience. looking to future events, management has been strongly influenced by historical patterns which may not be valid predictors of future developments and any future deviation may be material.
our expected volatility assumptions are based on the historical volatility of our stock over a period of time commensurate to the expected life. the expected life assumption is primarily based on historical employee exercise patterns and employee post-vesting termination behavior. the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the corresponding yield curve in effect at the time of grant for u.s. treasury bonds having the same term as the expected life of the option. the expected dividend yield is based on our historical experience. the forfeiture assumption used to calculate compensation expense is primarily based on historical pre-vesting employee forfeiture patterns.
the fair value of an option is more significantly impacted by changes in the expected volatility and expected life assumptions. the pre-vesting forfeitures assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate. therefore, changes in the forfeitures assumption would not impact the total amount of expense ultimately recognized over the vesting period. different forfeiture assumptions would only impact the timing of expense recognition over the vesting period. estimated forfeitures are reassessed in subsequent periods and may change based on new facts and circumstances.
recent accounting pronouncements in march 2016, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an accounting standard update (asu) simplifying the accounting for stock compensation. the asu requires excess tax benefits and deficiencies to be recorded as an income tax expense or benefit in our consolidated statements of earnings when our stock options are exercised or canceled and for disqualifying dispositions of shares issued to employees under our employee stock purchase plan. all tax-related cash flows are required to be reported as operating activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. we will adopt this asu on a prospective basis beginning on january 1, 2017. we have elected to continue to estimate forfeitures expected to occur in determining the amount of compensation cost to be recognized in each period. we believe the adoption of this asu will result in volatility in our effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share due to the recording of all of the tax effects of share-based payments in our consolidated statements of earnings. the volatility in future periods will be dependent upon our stock price, stock option exercise and cancellation activity and the amount of disqualifying dispositions of shares purchased by our employees under our employee stock purchase plan. had the standard been effective in 2016 and 2015, it would have resulted in $2.7 million of additional tax expense and a $1.1 million tax benefit, respectively.
in may 2014, the fasb issued an asu amending existing revenue recognition guidance and requiring related detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. this asu is effective for us beginning on january 1, 2018. we formed a cross-functional project team that is in the process of evaluating the adoption impacts of the asu for each of our products and services. this process, though underway, is not yet completed and our understanding of the future adoption impacts, including any potential changes related to principal and agent determinations, on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures of the asu have not yet been determined. our project team is also assessing how our current processes and systems may be impacted by adoption. we have yet to decide whether we will adopt under a cumulative effect or retrospective method. at this time, based on the nature of our operations, we do not believe that the adoption of the asu will have a material impact on the amount or timing of revenue recognized or our revenue recognition policies. however, we have not yet completed our full assessment. we expect to complete our assessment of the impact towards the end of 2017.
in february 2016, the fasb issued an asu changing the accounting for leases and including a requirement to record all leases on the consolidated balance sheet as assets and liabilities. the asu will be effective for us beginning on january 1, 2019 and will be adopted using a modified retrospective transition. adoption of the asu will impact our consolidated balance sheets as future minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases totaled $214 million as of december 31, 2016. we are currently evaluating the full impact that the adoption of this asu will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
results of operations the following table shows the total net revenues (a non-gaap measure calculated as revenues less directly related operating expenses attributable to our principal services) and our expenses for 2016, 2015, and 2014 expressed as percentages of net revenues. management believes that net revenues are a better measure than total revenues when analyzing and discussing management's effectiveness in managing our principal services since total revenues earned by expeditors as a freight consolidator include the carriers' charges to us for carrying the shipment, whereas revenues earned by expeditors in our other capacities include primarily the commissions and fees actually earned by us. net revenue is one of our primary operational and financial measures and demonstrates our ability to manage sell rates to customers with our ability to concentrate and leverage our purchasing power through effective consolidation of shipments from multiple customers utilizing a variety of transportation carriers and optimal routings. using net revenue also provides a commonality for comparison among various services.
| 20.
the table, chart and the accompanying discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto in this report.
2016                                                  2015                                                  2014
in thousands                                                                   amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percent of net revenues airfreight services:
revenues                                                              $2,453,347                                            $2,740,583                                            $2,780,840
expenses                                                               1,752,167                                             1,987,690                                             2,103,777
net revenues                                                             701,180                    32            %            752,893                    34            %            677,063                     34             %
ocean freight and ocean services:
revenues                                                               1,917,494                                             2,194,004                                             2,174,394
expenses                                                               1,378,699                                             1,648,993                                             1,712,795
net revenues                                                             538,795                    25                         545,011                    25                         461,599                     23
customs brokerage and other services:
revenues                                                               1,727,196                                             1,682,045                                             1,609,487
expenses                                                                 803,135                                               792,172                                               766,722
net revenues                                                             924,061                    43                         889,873                    41                         842,765                     43
total net revenues                                                     2,164,036                   100                       2,187,777                   100                       1,981,427                    100
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs                                             1,157,635                    53                       1,143,511                    52                       1,065,329                     54
other                                                                    336,238                    16                         322,782                    15                         321,450                     16
total overhead expenses                                                1,493,873                    69                       1,466,293                    67                       1,386,779                     70
operating income                                                         670,163                    31                         721,484                    33                         594,648                     30
other income, net                                                         16,693                     1                          15,205                     1                          16,241                      1
earnings before income taxes                                             686,856                    32                         736,689                    34                         610,889                     31
income tax expense                                                       254,323                    12                         277,192                    13                         231,429                     12
net earnings                                                             432,533                    20                         459,497                    21                         379,460                     19
less net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest              1,726                     -                           2,274                     -                           2,572                      -
net earnings attributable to shareholders                               $430,807                    20            %           $457,223                    21            %           $376,888                     19             %
| 21.
2016 compared with 2015
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues decreased 10% in 2016, as compared with 2015, primarily as a result of lowering average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions. the decrease in average sell rates was partially offset by a 3% growth in airfreight tonnage. airfreight services expenses decreased 12% in 2016 as compared with 2015, as a result of favorable buying opportunities throughout most regions due primarily to excess available carrier capacity. while not possible to quantify, sell rates and tonnage were favorably impacted in 2015 by customers converting a portion of their ocean freight shipments to airfreight due to port disruptions on the u.s. west coast.
airfreight services net revenues in 2016 decreased 7% as compared with 2015. the decrease was principally due to a 12% decrease in net revenue per kilo, partially offset by a 3% increase in tonnage. average net revenue per kilo declined in most regions primarily due to competitive market conditions and rapid changes in carrier pricing caused by sporadic increases in demand. north america net revenues decreased by 6% due principally to a 3% decrease in tonnage. north asia, south asia and europe net revenues decreased 10%, 9% and 2%, respectively, despite tonnage increases of 5%, 7% and 3%.
aside from temporary disruptions such as those experienced with u.s. west coast ports in 2015, we expect the global airfreight market to continue to be affected by carrier overcapacity and the timing of new product launches. customers remain focused on improving supply-chain efficiency, reducing overall logistics costs by negotiating lower rates and utilizing ocean freight whenever possible. we expect these trends to continue in conjunction with carriers' efforts to manage available capacity. however, this could be affected by new product launches during periods that have historically experienced higher demands. historically, we have experienced lower airfreight margins in the fourth quarter as seasonal volumes increase and carriers correspondingly increase buy rates. these events, should they continue to occur, could create a higher degree of volatility in volumes and ultimately buy and sell rates.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding and order management are the three basic services that constitute and are collectively referred to as ocean freight and ocean services. ocean freight and ocean services revenues decreased 13% in 2016 as compared with 2015, as we continued to lower average sell rates to customers in response to competitive market conditions and lower available buy rates from carriers. although average sell rates to customers declined, container volumes increased 3%. ocean freight and ocean services expenses decreased 16% in 2016 as compared with 2015, due to lower average buy rates, resulting from carrier overcapacity.
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues decreased 1% in 2016 as compared with 2015. the largest component of our ocean freight net revenue is derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 48% and 50% of ocean freight net revenue in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
| 22.
ocean freight consolidation net revenues decreased 6% in 2016 as compared with 2015. this decrease was due primarily to an 8% decrease in net revenue per container, partially offset by a 3% increase in volume. during the latter part of the third quarter of 2016, we experienced a spike in average buy rates that began with the bankruptcy of a large ocean carrier on august 31, 2016. direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues decreased 2% due to lower volumes principally in north america. order management net revenues increased 11%, mostly resulting from higher volumes with new and existing customers, primarily in north asia and south asia.
north america ocean freight and ocean services net revenues decreased 3% in 2016, as compared with 2015, primarily due to lower direct ocean forwarding volumes and a decrease in ocean freight consolidation resulting from declining margins on imports. north asia net revenues decreased 1% as lower margins offset the 1% growth in volume. europe net revenues decreased 4%, as lower direct ocean forwarding volumes more than offset growth from order management and ocean freight consolidation. south asia net revenues increased 6% due principally to 4% growth in volumes.
we expect that pricing volatility will continue as customers increasingly solicit bids and carriers react to current market conditions, including carrier liquidity challenges, such as the bankruptcy filing of a large ocean carrier that occurred in august 2016, and realignment of carrier alliances. these conditions could result in lower revenues and yields.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 3% and 1%, respectively, in 2016 as compared with 2015, primarily as a result of increased volumes from existing and new road freight customers.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 4% in 2016 as compared with 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in road freight volumes. customers continue to seek out customs brokers with sophisticated computerized capabilities critical to an overall logistics management program, including rapid responses to changes in the regulatory and security environment.
north america net revenues increased 5% in 2016 as compared with 2015, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers in road freight and lower import service costs. north asia net revenues increased 8% due primarily to growth in import and warehouse and distribution services. europe net revenues remained constant, as compared with 2015.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 1% in 2016, as compared with 2015, principally due to an increase in the number of employees, primarily in north america and europe, partially offset by reduced bonuses from lower operating income.
historically, the relatively consistent relationship between salaries and net revenues is the result of a compensation philosophy that has been maintained since the inception of our company: offer a modest base salary and the opportunity to share in a fixed and determinable percentage of the operating profit of the business unit controlled by each key employee. using this compensation model, changes in individual incentive compensation will occur in proportion to changes in our operating income, creating a direct alignment between corporate performance and shareholder interests. bonuses to field and executive management in 2016 were down 7% as compared with 2015, primarily as a result of a 7% decrease in operating income. our management compensation programs have always been incentive-based and performance driven and there is no built-in bias that favors or enriches management in a manner inconsistent with overall corporate performance. salaries and related costs increased to 53% of net revenues in 2016 as compared with 52% in 2015.
because our management incentive compensation programs are also cumulative, generally no management bonuses can be paid unless the relevant business unit is, from inception, cumulatively profitable. any operating losses must have been offset in their entirety by operating profits before management is eligible for a bonus. executive management, in limited circumstances, makes exceptions at the branch operating unit level. since the most significant portion of management compensation comes from the incentive bonus programs, we believe that this cumulative feature is a disincentive to excessive risk taking by our managers. due to the nature of our services, it has a short operating cycle. the outcome of any higher risk transactions, such as overriding established credit limits, would be known in a relatively short time frame. management believes that when the potential and certain impact on the bonus is fully considered in light of this short operating cycle, the potential for short term gains that could be generated by engaging in risky business practices is sufficiently mitigated to discourage excessive and inappropriate risk taking. management believes that both the stability and the long term growth in revenues, net revenues and net earnings are a result of the incentives inherent in our compensation programs.
other overhead expenses increased 4% in 2016, as compared with 2015. the increase in expenses was primarily due to higher rent and maintenance costs and technology fees, partially offset by lower claims in the current year. other overhead expenses increased to 16% of net revenues in 2016, as compared with 15% in 2015.
income tax expense:
we pay income taxes in the united states and other jurisdictions. our consolidated effective income tax rate declined slightly to 37.0% in 2016, as compared with 37.6% in 2015. the decrease in the effective tax rate is principally the result of a higher proportion of our total outstanding stock-based compensation expense being for non-qualified stock option grants. the tax benefit associated with non-qualified stock option grants is recorded when the related compensation expense is recognized while the tax benefit received for incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares cannot be anticipated and are recognized if and when a disqualifying disposition occurs. our effective tax rate is subject to variation and the effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss. for example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible expenses on the effective tax rate is greater when pre-tax income is lower.
| 23.
2015 compared with 2014
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues decreased 1% in 2015, as compared with 2014, due primarily to lower average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions in north america, europe and north asia, partially offset by a 6% growth in tonnage. airfreight services expenses decreased 6% in 2015 as compared with 2014, as a result of favorable spot and general market buying opportunities in 2015, partially offset by costs attributable to the increase in tonnage.
airfreight services net revenues in 2015 increased 11% as compared with 2014. the increase was principally due to a 6% improvement in airfreight tonnage and a 9% increase in net revenue per kilo. north america net revenues increased by 8% due to 4% growth in export tonnage and lower average buy rates from favorable buying opportunities. north asia net revenues increased 24%. this was also due to favorable buying opportunities in 2015, which resulted in a 19% increase in net revenue per kilo on an 8% improvement in export tonnage. south asia net revenues increased 27% primarily due to an 11% increase in tonnage and the same buying opportunities in the second half of 2015. europe net revenues decreased 7% primarily due to a 7% reduction in net revenue per kilo.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight and ocean services revenues increased 1% in 2015 as compared with 2014, as container volumes increased 3% while average sell rates to customers were lower. in the first half of 2014, we implemented sell rate reductions to increase container volume. beginning in september 2014 and continuing through the first quarter of 2015, we maintained higher average rates in response to overall market conditions. we decreased average sell rates during the last nine months of 2015 in response to lower overall market demand and growth in carrier capacity.
ocean freight and ocean services expenses decreased 4% in 2015 as compared with 2014, due to favorable market buying opportunities that resulted from a decline in overall market demand coupled with growth in carrier capacity.
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 18% in 2015 as compared with 2014. in 2015 and 2014, the majority of our ocean freight net revenue was derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 50% and 45%, respectively, of ocean freight net revenue.
ocean freight consolidation net revenues increased 31% in 2015 as compared with 2014. this increase was due primarily to a 27% increase in net revenue per container and a 3% growth in container volume. we changed our pricing strategies, as described above, in the third quarter of 2014, which, combined with favorable market buying opportunities in the last nine months of 2015, led to improved yields.
direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues increased 8% in 2015, as compared with 2014, as a result of higher volumes, principally in north america, europe and north asia. order management net revenues increased 7% in 2015, as compared with 2014, mostly due to higher volumes from existing customers and new business, primarily in north and south asia.
north america ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 17% in 2015, as compared with 2014, primarily due to improved margins. europe net revenues increased 16%, primarily due to a 10% improvement in volumes and an increase in direct ocean forwarding. north asia net revenues increased 21% principally due to improved margins and growth in order management.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 5% and 3%, respectively, in 2015 as compared with 2014, as a result of increased volumes from existing and new customers.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 6% in 2015 as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers in north america. customers continued to seek out customs brokers with sophisticated computerized capabilities critical to an overall logistics management program, including rapid responses to changes in the regulatory and security environment.
north america net revenues increased 10%, in 2015, as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers. europe net revenues decreased 4%, as compared with 2014, due to general market conditions.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 7% in 2015, as compared with 2014, principally as a result of increased bonuses resulting from higher operating income and an increase in the number of employees, primarily in north america and europe.
bonuses to field and executive management in 2015 were up 18% as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of a 21% increase in operating income. salaries and related costs decreased 2% as a percentage of net revenues in 2015 as compared with 2014, as the growth in net revenues outpaced salary and related cost increases from higher headcount and bonuses.
other overhead expenses remained flat in 2015, as compared with 2014. lower depreciation expense, recovery of legal and related costs and a reduction in indirect taxes were partially offset by higher travel related costs, technology consulting fees and claims. other overhead expenses decreased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2015, as compared with 2014.
income tax expense:
our consolidated effective income tax rate declined slightly to 37.6% in 2015, as compared to 37.9% in 2014. the decrease in the effective tax rate is principally the result of a higher proportion of our total outstanding stock-based compensation expense being for non-qualified stock option grants.
| 24.
currency and other risk factors the nature of our worldwide operations necessitates dealing with a multitude of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. this results in our being exposed to the inherent risks of volatile international currency markets and governmental interference. some of the countries where we maintain offices and/or agency relationships have strict currency control regulations which influence our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. we try to compensate for these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among our offices and agents. we may enter into foreign currency hedging transactions where there are regulatory or commercial limitations on our ability to move money freely around the world or the short-term financial outlook in any country is such that hedging is the most time-sensitive way to mitigate short-term exchange losses. any such hedging activity during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was insignificant. we had no foreign currency derivatives outstanding at december 31, 2016 and 2015. net foreign currency gains were approximately $8 million in both 2016 and 2015 and $2 million in 2014.
international air and ocean freight forwarding and customs brokerage are intensively competitive and are expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. there are a large number of entities competing in the international logistics industry, many of which have significantly more resources than us; however, our primary competition is confined to a relatively small number of companies within this group. the industry continues to experience consolidations into larger firms striving for stronger and more complete multinational and multi-service networks. however, regional and local brokers and forwarders remain a competitive force.
the primary competitive factors in the international logistics industry continue to be price and quality of service, including reliability, responsiveness, expertise, convenience, and scope of operations. we emphasize quality customer service and believe that our prices are competitive with those of others in the industry. customers regularly solicit bids from competitors in order to improve service, pricing and contractual terms such as seeking longer payment terms, higher or unlimited liability limits and performance penalties. increased competition and competitors' acceptance of expanded contractual terms could result in reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or loss of market share, any of which would damage our results of operations and financial condition.
larger customers utilize more sophisticated and efficient procedures for the management of their logistics supply chains by embracing strategies such as just-in-time inventory management. we believe that this trend has resulted in customers using fewer service providers with greater technological capacity and more consistent global coverage. accordingly, sophisticated computerized customer service capabilities and a stable worldwide network have become significant factors in attracting and retaining customers. developing and maintaining these systems and a worldwide network has added a considerable indirect cost to the services provided to customers. smaller and middle-tier competitors, in general, do not have the resources available to develop customized systems and a worldwide network.
liquidity and capital resources our principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated from operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $529 million, as compared with $565 million for 2015. this $36 million decrease is primarily due to lower earnings and changes in working capital. at december 31, 2016, working capital was $1,289 million, including cash and cash equivalents of $974 million. we had no long-term debt at december 31, 2016. management believes that our current cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including meeting any contingent liabilities related to standby letters of credit and other obligations.
as a customs broker, we make significant cash advances for a select group of our credit-worthy customers. these cash advances are for customer obligations such as the payment of duties and tax to customs authorities in various countries throughout the world. cash advances are a "pass through" and are not recorded as a component of revenue and expense. the billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts payable to governmental customs authorities. as a result of these "pass through" billings, the conventional days sales outstanding or dso calculation does not directly measure collection efficiency. for customers that meet certain criteria, we have agreed to extend payment terms beyond our customary terms. management believes that it has established effective credit control procedures, and historically has experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.
our business historically has been subject to seasonal fluctuations and this is expected to continue in the future. cash flows fluctuate as a result of this seasonality. historically, the first quarter shows an excess of customer collections over customer billings. this results in positive cash flow. the increased activity associated with periods of higher demand (typically commencing late second or early third quarter and continuing well into the fourth quarter) causes an excess of customer billings over customer collections. this cyclical growth in customer receivables consumes available cash.
cash used by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $53 million, as compared with $7 million for 2015. we had minor net purchases of investments in 2016 compared to receiving net proceeds from maturity of short-term investments of $40 million in 2015. we had capital expenditures of $59 million in 2016 as compared with $44 million in 2015. capital expenditures in 2016 related primarily to continuing investments in technology, office furniture and equipment and leasehold improvements. occasionally, we elect to purchase buildings to house staff and to facilitate the staging of customers' freight. in 2016, we completed a land acquisition in europe, for which funds had been deposited into escrow in 2014. additional expenditures are expected to be made in 2017 and 2018 in connection with the construction of a building on this land. total anticipated capital expenditures in 2017 are currently estimated to be $110 million. this includes routine capital expenditures, including the construction of the building in europe, plus additional real estate development.
cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $298 million as compared with $635 million in 2015. we used the proceeds from stock option exercises, employee stock purchases and available cash to repurchase our common stock on the open market to limit the growth in issued and outstanding shares. during 2016 and 2015, we used cash to repurchase 7 million and 13 million shares of common stock, respectively. during 2016 and 2015, we paid dividends of $0.80 and $0.72 per share, respectively.
we have a non-discretionary stock repurchase plan to repurchase shares from the proceeds of stock option exercises. during 2016, we repurchased 3.4 million shares at an average price of $50.46 per share. we also have a discretionary stock repurchase plan under which management is allowed to repurchase shares to reduce the issued and outstanding stock to 170 million shares of common stock. during 2016, we repurchased 3.2 million shares at an average price of $50.61 per share. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for cumulative repurchases under both repurchase plans.
| 25.
we follow established guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification and maturities of our investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. our investment portfolio has not been adversely impacted by the disruption in the credit markets. however, there can be no assurance that our investment portfolio will not be adversely affected in the future.
we cannot predict what impact ongoing uncertainties in the global economy and political uncertainty may have on our operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior.
we maintain international unsecured bank lines of credit. at december 31, 2016, we were contingently liable for $64 million from standby letters of credit and guarantees. the standby letters of credit and guarantees relate to obligations of our foreign subsidiaries for credit extended in the ordinary course of business by direct carriers, primarily airlines, and for duty and tax deferrals available from governmental entities responsible for customs and value-added-tax (vat) taxation. the total underlying amounts due and payable for transportation and governmental excises are properly recorded as obligations in the books of the respective foreign subsidiaries, and there would be no need to record additional expense in the unlikely event the parent company is required to perform.
amount of commitment expiration per period in thousands                               totalamountscommitted         less than 1year              1 - 3years            3 - 5years         after 5 years standby letters of credit and guarantees   $63,968                       56,590                    5,699           155                         1,524
at december 31, 2016, our contractual obligations are as follows:
payments due by period in thousands                                                        total     less than1 year             1 - 3years            3 - 5years        after 5 years contractual obligations:
operating leases                                                 $214,257    58,502                   82,628                44,903                28,224
unconditional purchase obligations                                 76,306    76,306                        -                     -                -
construction, equipment and technology purchase obligations        76,306    55,487                   20,816           3                          -
total contractual cash obligations                               $366,869   190,295                  103,444                44,906                28,224
we typically enter into short-term unconditional purchase obligations with asset-based providers reserving space on a guaranteed basis. the pricing of these obligations varies to some degree with market conditions. we only enter into agreements that management believes we can fulfill. historically, we have met these obligations in the normal course of business. management believes, in line with historical experience, committed purchase obligations outstanding as of december 31, 2016 will be fulfilled during 2017 in the ordinary course of business. also, in october 2016, we entered into a contractual agreement to construct a building in europe that is currently expected to cost $51 million (€45 million).
our foreign subsidiaries regularly remit dividends to the u.s. parent company after evaluating their working capital requirements and needs to finance local capital expenditures. in some cases, our ability to repatriate funds from foreign operations may be subject to foreign exchange controls. at december 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalent balances of $504 million were held by our non-united states subsidiaries, of which $73 million was held in banks in the united states. earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, a deferred tax liability has been established for all undistributed earnings, net of foreign related tax credits, that are available to be repatriated.
impact of inflation to date, our business has not been adversely affected by inflation. direct carrier rate increases could occur over the short to medium-term period. due to the high degree of competition in the market place, these rate increases can lead to an erosion in our margins. as we are not required to purchase or maintain extensive property and equipment and have not otherwise incurred substantial interest rate-sensitive indebtedness, we currently have limited direct exposure to increased costs resulting from increases in interest rates.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any material off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
