Management’s Discussion and Analysis highlights the importance of anticipating and responding to evolving trends as integral to maintaining and growing our operations, noting that “trends in our business … anticipate that they will continue to impact our future results”; as online advertising evolves, “we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve [users’ and advertisers’] changing needs” and “expect our monetization trends to fluctuate”; as users adopt multiple devices and modalities, “we seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business,” while “we expect TAC paid to our distribution partners to increase … and expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins”; as users in developing economies come online, “we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs … we expect that our results will continue to be impacted,” and “we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations,” although it “does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings”; in pursuit of long-term strength, “we will invest heavily in R&D and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate,” and “acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital,” with such investments “enhanc[ing] the breadth and depth of our offerings” and “expanding our expertise” in key areas; recognizing human capital as critical to performance, “we expect to continue investing in our employees,” whose talent “drive[s] Alphabet and create[s] our success”; to support continuity and strategic foresight, “we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements … through at least the next 12 months”; to manage volatility and inform decision making, “we use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making … to evaluate period-to-period comparisons” and “periodically review, refine and update our methodologies” for key metrics; acknowledging ongoing pressures and resource demands, “we expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors,” and similarly, “we expect that R&D expenses … sales and marketing expenses … and general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods”; in managing risk and preserving system integrity, “we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements … that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition”; in preparing our consolidated financial statements, “we have to make estimates and assumptions,” and “significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions,” with “regular assessment of the likelihood of adverse outcomes … to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes”; in deploying capital for growth and resilience, “we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values,” and “goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to benefit … and tested for impairment …”; and in safeguarding asset performance, “long-lived assets … are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable,” while “we periodically review our securities for impairment … and determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary.”