AbbVie depends on information technology and a failure of, or significant disruption to, those systems could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business. AbbVie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems (including cloud services) to operate its business, which are inherently vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. Certain of these applications and systems are managed, hosted, provided or used by third parties. Data privacy or security breaches of our internal systems or those of our information technology vendors may in the future result in the failure of critical business operations. Such breaches may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to AbbVie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. To date, neither AbbVie's business nor operations have been materially impacted by such incidents; however, the healthcare industry remains a target of cyber-attacks. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity and, due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. AbbVie's investments in the protection of its data and information technology and its efforts to monitor its systems on an ongoing basis may be insufficient to prevent compromises in AbbVie's information technology systems that could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business. Such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue or the loss of critical or sensitive information from AbbVie’s or third-party providers' databases or information technology systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to AbbVie and potentially substantial remediation costs. In addition, AbbVie's cyber insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of AbbVie systems or those of our third-party vendors. AbbVie’s research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, AbbVie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products. Such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on AbbVie’s revenue and profitability. AbbVie commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. Products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture or the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.