We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, including existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance and costs related to product defects. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies. If we are unable to provide new features and enhancements to user experience in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in competitive harm, reputational harm, or liability. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We are investing in resources to update and improve our information technology systems to digitize Autodesk and support our customers. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing information technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, technology systems, and websites for our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We continually invest resources to update and improve these systems to meet the evolving requirements of our business and customers. The transition to cloud-based products and a subscription-only business model involves considerable investment in the development of technologies, as well as back-office systems for technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources. Our software solutions are highly complex and may contain undetected errors, defects, or vulnerabilities, and are subject to service disruptions, degradations, outages, or other performance problems, each of which could harm our business and financial performance. We rely on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services, and third-party security incidents could result in the loss of our or our customers' data, expose us to liability, harm our reputation, damage our competitiveness, and adversely impact our financial results. Our overall performance depends largely upon domestic and worldwide economic and political conditions, and we anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue. Our strategy to digitize Autodesk involves increasing our use of cloud- and web-based technologies and applications to leverage customer data to improve our offerings for the benefit of our customers. The scope of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security is rapidly evolving, and compliance with these laws may impact demand for our offerings and force us to bear the burden of expanded obligations in our contracts. We expect that the change in accounting recognition of sales incentives to indirect channels will positively impact calculated revenue growth, while being broadly neutral to calculated operating profit and free cash flow dollars. Our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results even if our results in the United States are strong for a particular period.