AEP's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. In the ordinary course of business, AEP relies on information technology systems, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, personally identifiable information of customers, employees, retirees, and shareholders, as well as data related to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. AEP's information technology systems are dependent upon global communications and cloud service providers, which have at times experienced significant system failures and outages. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss from system failures or outages could materially affect AEP's results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. AEP's operations depend on information technology systems, and physical attacks or hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, and damage AEP's reputation. AEP has been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to its technology systems and confidential data or to disrupt utility and related business operations. While there have been immaterial incidents of phishing, unauthorized access, and disruption of remote access, there has been no material impact on business or operations from these attacks to date. However, AEP cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent future breaches or operational incidents and cannot provide assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. AEP maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, but such insurance may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs, or damages experienced. AEP's operations are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and enforced by the FERC, which require compliance to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject AEP to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. AEP's management believes that its experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives it an advantage over competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regional transmission organizations will authorize new transmission projects or award such projects to AEP. AEP's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes is critical to its transformation into a competitive force. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. AEP's information management capability is essential for providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions.