The company's success depends in part on effective information technology systems, on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, and on successful execution of revenue growth and expense management initiatives. The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. The company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience, while also seeking to increase efficiencies. The company will continue to incur expenses related to investments in digital capabilities and product innovation including the development and use of artificial intelligence (AI). The company's development of new technology, including the use of AI by the company and third-party vendors, could lead to an increased risk of a business interruption or a cybersecurity breach. Furthermore, the company's long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and its ability to execute on its transformational initiatives, including investments in technology and other initiatives intended to grow revenue and control expenses, combined with its ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel. If the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. The company stores confidential policyholder, employee, agent, broker, and other proprietary information on its information technology systems. The company also depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology, and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. The company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third-party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, social engineering, phishing, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other cyber-related attacks, that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data. The risk of a cyber incident impacting business operations has grown as third parties continue to develop new and highly sophisticated methods of attack. The company and its third-parties or vendors have and may continue to experience outages or cyberattacks that disrupt the operations or impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, which may result in operational, legal, regulatory or financial harm. The company attempts to manage its exposure to such events through the purchase of cyber liability insurance, but such events are inherently unpredictable, and insurance may not be sufficient to protect the company against all losses. As the company pursues its IT transformation and increased cloud adoption, it inherently exposes the company to potential cyber-related attacks. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The company utilizes third-party vendors to provide certain business support services and functions, which exposes the company to risks outside the control of the company that may lead to business disruptions. The reliance on these third-party vendors creates a number of business risks, such as the risk that the company may not maintain service quality, control or effective management of the outsourced business operations.