We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems and networks to perform necessary business functions. In the event of a natural disaster, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, a major cyber attack or other disruption, our systems, networks, and data may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and we may be unable to meet our business obligations and regulatory requirements for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised. Some of our technology systems are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade. We utilize various derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and swaptions. Our risk management policies, standards and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our risk management policies and procedures may not adequately mitigate the risks to our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. We have engaged with BlackRock for use of its investment management and risk analytics technology platform, Aladdin. The implementation of Aladdin is comprised of multiple workstreams that are complex and require significant time and resource prioritization. While we have achieved key milestones in the implementation of the technology, there could be delays due to lack of sufficient resources to execute on a timely basis, inefficiencies stemming from changes that may be required to the program or sequencing, failure to meet operational and financial targets due to additional priorities or other factors. We are exposed to credit risk arising from exposures to various counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, certain general insurance businesses and reinsurance recoverables. We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of Blackstone, BlackRock or any other investment manager we engage should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio, our future results or any returns expected on AIG common stock. We have also faced and may continue to face business continuity risk as a result of climate change-related incidents that may disrupt business operations, including extreme weather events. Our risk management policies, standards and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. Our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. Technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry, including those related to evolving customer preferences, the digitization of insurance products and services, data ingestion and exchange with trading partners, acceleration of automated underwriting, and use of artificial intelligence and electronic processes present competitive risks. If we are unable to effectively implement these technological advancements in our business, including the use of artificial intelligence, in a way that matches or exceeds our competitors, we may suffer competitive harm as a result, which could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.