If we are unable to apply technology and data analytics effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs could be adversely affected. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the risks and opportunities presented by digital disruption, "big data" and data analytics, AI and other developments in technology. These may include new applications or insurance-related services based on AI, robotics, blockchain, or new approaches to data mining that impact the nature of how we generate revenue. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise, make use of data analytics, and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems and data analytics capabilities may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies or data analytics solutions as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, data analytics solutions, or other product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. We are subject to risks associated with AI, including the input of confidential information in contravention of our policies or contractual restrictions, which could result in such information becoming part of a dataset that is accessible by other third-party AI applications and users. Furthermore, AI heavily relies on the collection and analysis of extensive data sets, and inaccuracies and errors in these datasets could potentially render such models inadequate or flawed, negatively impacting the effectiveness of the technology. We are exposed to the risks associated with these inaccuracies, errors, and biases, along with the adverse impacts that such flawed models could have on our business and operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent, including our senior management team, particularly in rapidly developing fields such as AI and data engineering. The substantial increase in remote work among our employees subjects us to certain challenges and risks, including cybersecurity risks due to increased reliance on work-from-home technologies and personal devices. Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation, and impact client relationships. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, and the primary factors determining our competitive position include the quality of the services we render, our data and analytics capabilities, and our ability to help our clients manage their overall risk exposure and insurance or reinsurance costs. We have historically acquired large numbers of insurance brokers and benefit consulting firms, and our ordinary-course acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth, particularly in our brokerage segment. Integration efforts relating to larger acquisitions are more complex, including with respect to technology systems, which may divert management's attention and resources and could adversely affect our operating results.