We rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack our products. Our business depends on the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyberattacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. Maintaining the availability, integrity and security of our IT systems and confidential data is critical to our business and reputation. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. Our IT systems and confidential data are vulnerable to a range of cybersecurity risks and threats, including malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or systems, or those of a third party, that are being used by attackers prior to mitigations being put in place, such as zero-day attacks. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our IT systems or supply chain. Cyberattacks that breach our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, customers or business partners, could result in unauthorized access to, misuse or disclosure of confidential data, reputational harm, loss of existing and/or future customers, significant remediation, restoration and compliance costs, and the diversion of management's attention and key information technology resources. We may encounter difficulties in operating our newly upgraded enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which could materially adversely affect us. Our newly upgraded ERP system may not operate as we expect it to and may cause disruption to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance/experience or that may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We are increasingly building AI capabilities into our products, but if we fail to develop and timely offer such products and technologies or keep pace with the product offerings of our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. Our efforts in developing new AI technology solutions are inherently risky and may not always succeed. We may incur significant costs, resources, investments and delays and not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions.