A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure and technological changes. Our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. The current inflationary and high interest rate environment could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains, maintain liquidity, and deploy network capital. Such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and impairments of our assets. The loss of significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. Increasing competition within our industries may materially and adversely affect our revenue, as our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets. Our industries are highly competitive, and competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. We may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms. Our expansion initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results and expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations and telecommunications infrastructure assets. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure damage, adversely affecting our ability to maintain service level commitments to these customers. We are vulnerable to physical or cybersecurity breaches that could disrupt our operations, expose us to liability, and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services and decrease demand for tower space. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of new technologies could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends on maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing costs and achieving operational efficiencies. The key factors affecting our ability to generate cash flow include the demand for our communications infrastructure and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure.