Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate safely and efficiently and interface with our customers as well as to maintain our internal control environment and financial reporting accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, property damage, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction, or unauthorized access or disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, vendors, and customers. The protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. These events could also damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions, pandemics, and acts of war, which could cause a serious business disruption that could affect our ability to produce and distribute products. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. We are continually developing and implementing new technologies and product offerings, and existing technologies are being implemented in products and designs or at scales beyond our experience base. These technological expansions can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. Failure of the technologies to work as predicted, or unintended consequences of new designs or uses, could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire, and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. Our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees is also critical to our business, as competitive labor market conditions have resulted in increased demand for qualified personnel. Our results of operations have been and could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for skilled talent in the market.