The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, which may adversely impact its business and operating results. Cybersecurity incidents affecting the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential or personal information, resulting in adverse impacts to the company's reputation and operating results. The company relies on its information technology systems for critical operations and faces numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including malware, social engineering/phishing, and ransomware. The rise of artificial intelligence and machine learning has led to more sophisticated and deceptive attacks, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The company must comply with complex U.S. governmental export and import controls as well as economic sanctions and trade embargoes, which may restrict its ability to transact or deal with certain persons, countries, regions, and governments. The company has experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses, which may include managing technology and maintaining customer relationships. The company faces competition primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, allowing it to provide quality products on a timely basis while offering resiliency against local risks. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications. The company has also invested in modern manufacturing technologies and controls purchasing processes to enhance operational efficiency. The company generates operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has completed numerous acquisitions and anticipates continuing to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, and fostering collaborative management. The company has maintained significant amounts of data electronically, which includes financial information and customer, supplier, partner, and employee data. The company’s ability to attract, recruit, hire, and retain skilled employees is critical to its performance, and the current labor market may adversely affect its ability to do so. The company encounters competition in all areas of its business, and rapid technological changes could lead to the entry of new competitors. The company’s sales are affected by changes in defense budgets of the U.S. and foreign governments, which are subject to political and budgetary fluctuations. The company’s results can be positively or negatively affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and it attempts to mitigate currency risk through various strategies.