Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate services relating to product research and development, financial reporting, product orders and fulfillment, HR, benefit plan administration, IT network management, and electronic communication and collaboration services. These systems and services are both internally managed and outsourced, and in many cases, we rely upon third-party data centers. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As a critical vendor in the digital supply chain for both governmental entities and critical infrastructure operators, we and our products may be targeted by those seeking to threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems supporting essential public services. Our products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cyber-attacks. Open source code or other third-party software used in these products could also be targeted and may make our products vulnerable to additional security risks not posed by purely proprietary products. Furthermore, our software solutions interact with a variety of software and hardware developed by third parties, as well as cloud providers. If we lose access to third-party code and specifications for the development of code or cloud providers fail to support our products or otherwise limit the functionality, compatibility, or certification of our products, this could negatively impact our ability to develop compatible software. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins." These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations, and these fluctuations may occur due to various factors, including the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.