We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we continue to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Customers' requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we cannot develop scalable solutions that can be consistently configured for customers with minimal effort or grow a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be negatively impacted. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. The introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable. Additionally, our products are expected to meet and keep pace with evolving security standards and requirements of our industry and customers, including those of the U.S. federal government and international governments. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow, and operating results. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers, and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner would materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition. If we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results, and competitive position could be adversely affected. Our business strategy has in the past and may in the future include acquiring or making investments in other complementary products, technologies, or businesses. Identifying and negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions has in the past and may in the future be subject to third-party approvals, such as government regulatory approvals and clearances, which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment would be realized or that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities or risks. Integrating an acquired technology, asset, or business into our operations can be challenging, complex, and costly, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions that we complete will be realized or outweigh their costs. Our future success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers, including our CEO, who has been instrumental in building the public safety operating system of the future by integrating a suite of hardware devices and cloud software solutions that lead to modern policing and help save lives. Our focus on our SaaS platform also presents complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, growth prospects, operating results, cash flows, and competitive position. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from catastrophic events, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so.