The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our information technology systems and those of our third parties upon which we rely, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, have experienced and may continue to experience service disruptions or degradation, which may result from technology malfunction, sudden increases in processing or other volumes, natural disasters and weather events, fires, accidents, technology change management issues, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service, ransomware and other cyberattacks, inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets, technology capacity management issues, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information security and cybersecurity incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change, new vulnerabilities and exploits are discovered and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Our technology risk and information security program is designed to ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and information systems, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to us, our colleagues or our customers. We continue to assess the risks and changes in the cyber environment, invest in enhancements to our cybersecurity capabilities and engage in industry and government forums to promote advancements in our cybersecurity capabilities as well as the broader financial services cybersecurity ecosystem. Our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by the emergence of industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, an inability to develop appropriate governance and controls, a lack of internal product and engineering expertise, resistance to change from card members, merchants or service providers, lack of appropriate change management processes or the complexity of our systems. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. We rely on third parties for the timely transmission of accurate information across our global network, card acquisition and provision of services to our customers. The management and oversight of an increasing number of third parties increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. We face continued intense competitive pressure that may materially impact the prices we charge for accepting our cards for payment, as well as the risk of losing merchant relationships, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. Our risk management framework may not be effective in identifying, measuring and controlling our exposure to climate-related risks, particularly given that the timing, nature and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. Our ability to grow internationally could be impacted by regulation and business practices, such as those capping interchange or other fees, mandating network access or data localization, favoring local competitors or prohibiting or limiting foreign ownership of certain businesses. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners.