We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. We face various cybersecurity threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, denial-of-service attacks, threats to our information technology infrastructure, ransomware, and phishing attacks. The techniques used in cyberattacks evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of automation and artificial intelligence. As cyber threats increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, company-wide risk management efforts. A cyber-related attack or security breach could result in loss of intellectual property; allow unauthorized access to or cause the publication of various categories of sensitive, proprietary, or customer data; cause disruption or degradation of our business operations; compromise our products or services; and/or result in reputational harm. To address these risks, we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, contractual arrangements, tools and related services, and management and board oversight. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain, which has been adversely impacted by inflationary pressures and global supply chain constraints. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, and we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. We are experiencing strong demand from our airline customers globally, and the overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic, influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological advances, and competitive factors. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines, and fleet decisions, airline consolidations, or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability, and implement productivity improvements to meet customer demand and maintain profitability. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and stringent regulatory requirements. We continue to experience production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft. The complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. Our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses, and new programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance.