We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users, and other operational difficulties. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or liquidity. We need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our operating subsidiaries also need qualified and competent personnel to execute business plans and serve their customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our inability to recruit, train, and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and/or liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. Each of our operating businesses faces intense competition within markets in which they operate. Many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. We believe risks of adverse effects from geopolitical events are rising, through armed and diplomatic conflicts involving governments in various parts of the world. Government policies and actions taken may adversely affect our operating businesses through reduced sales, increased costs, restricted supply chains, physical damage to our properties, and loss of life of our employees. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained, and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Regulations may also restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments to Berkshire by these businesses. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills of $163.3 billion, which included $133.4 billion invested in U.S. Treasury bills. We continue to believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories, except in BHRG's retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. Time-value-of-money is an important element in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity policies. We normally receive premiums at the contract inception date, which are then available for investment. Ultimate claim payments can extend for decades and are expected to exceed premiums, producing underwriting losses over the claim settlement periods.