Our business relies on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruptions. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Digital technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities, have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development pipeline, and product portfolio. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency and effectiveness. We continuously assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people. Our restructuring and optimization initiatives are intended to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change, necessitating continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products. Our IT systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their acquired systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our IT system. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans fail, such failure could result in adverse impacts to our business operations and our financial results. Our reliance on information technology systems to operate our business means that a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We strive to meet the expectations of applicable regulations; however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our IT or OT systems, products, and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations.