Difficult market, economic, and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. The performance of our funds' investments is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, and geopolitical concerns, have contributed to volatility in the global financial markets, which may adversely impact our performance and the performance of our funds and their respective portfolio companies. In addition, the asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on various factors, including investment performance, quality of client service, investor availability of capital, and willingness to invest. Technological innovation, including the use of artificial intelligence and data science, has the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, including asset managers, do business. Some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technologies to address investor demand or improve operations. Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms, and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs, and financial losses. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of such systems and the data held by such systems. The costs related to cyber or other data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds and for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. These third-party service providers could also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems, potentially leading to unauthorized access to certain confidential data. Our funds' portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors, and a failure to raise capital from third-party investors on attractive fee terms or at all would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect performance revenues. The financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on private equity and the private funds industry. The SEC's stated examination priorities have included private equity firms' collection of fees and allocation of expenses, marketing and valuation practices, allocation of investment opportunities, and compliance policies and procedures with respect to conflicts of interest. Our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of alternative investments were to decline. The ongoing development and integration of digital technologies into our operations are critical for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency. Our ability to adapt our information systems and technology to accommodate our growth is essential, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, which could have a material adverse effect on us.