Citi's expenses increased 10% versus the prior year, driven by increased investments in other risk and controls and technology, elevated business-as-usual severance costs, and additional transformation and business-led investments. The increase in expenses was partially offset by productivity savings and expense reductions from exited markets and continued wind-downs. Citi's operating expenses of $56.4 billion increased 10% from the prior year, with a significant portion attributed to investments in technology. The increase in revenues reflected strength across services and U.S. personal banking, partially offset by declines in markets, banking, and wealth. The increase in net interest income was primarily driven by higher interest rates and cost of funds management across currencies, as well as growth in deposits. Services net income decreased 6%, as higher expenses and higher cost of credit were partially offset by the increase in revenues. Services expenses increased 15%, primarily driven by continued investment in technology and other risk and controls. The increase in net interest income was also driven by higher interest rates across currencies and cost of funds management. The increase in revenues in services was driven by net interest income growth, partially offset by lower non-interest revenue due to the impact of the Argentine peso devaluations. The increase in net credit losses was primarily driven by higher lending volumes in Mexico consumer, reflecting the normalization from historically low levels. The net ACL build was primarily driven by higher lending volumes in Mexico consumer, with the net ACL build in other assets primarily related to transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia. Citi's transformation efforts include continued investments in its technology and other risk and controls, with the CEO establishing a chief operating officer organization to centralize program management. The boards of directors formed a transformation oversight committee to provide oversight of management's remediation efforts under the consent orders. The increase in provisions for credit losses was driven by higher net credit losses in branded cards and retail services, reflecting the normalization to pre-pandemic levels at the end of 2023. The increase in expenses was also driven by the absence of an operational loss reserve release in the prior year, business-led investments, and the impact of business-as-usual severance. The increase in revenues in U.S. personal banking was due to higher net interest income, driven by strong loan growth and higher deposit spreads. The increase in non-interest revenue was largely driven by lower partner payments in retail services, due to higher net credit losses, and an increase in interchange fees, driven by higher card spend volumes in branded cards. The increase in revenues was partially offset by an increase in rewards costs in branded cards, driven by higher card spend volumes. The net ACL build was primarily driven by growth in loan balances in branded cards and retail services. The organizational simplification initiatives included actions taken to streamline operations and improve efficiency, reflecting a focus on enhancing IT capabilities and overall operational effectiveness.