The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats—from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data—are increasing in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to invest in strategic initiatives aimed at future long-term profitable growth, such as services growth and technology, including autonomy, alternative fuels, connectivity and digital and electrification. Our products are an integral component of infrastructure activities, and as these activities decrease, demand for our products and services may be significantly impacted, which could negatively impact our results. We anticipate the ongoing benefit of our services initiatives will positively impact construction industries in 2024. We also expect higher services revenues, including robust rebuild activity in 2024. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers. This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to maintain key dealer relationships; our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality and price. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. Both carry inventories of finished products as part of ongoing operations and adjust those inventories based on their assessments of future needs and market conditions. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability or uncertainty. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.