We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies (including those that use artificial intelligence ("AI")) and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products, and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with increasing availability of out-of-home Wi-Fi access points across our footprint. We also continue to develop our video product, which includes partnerships with content providers to provide access to both linear and app-based direct-to-consumer content. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. We may pursue strategic initiatives to launch products or enhancements to our products, and our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. Any failure to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We are also beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance. Our programming costs have historically increased in excess of customary inflationary and cost-of-living type increases, and we expect contractual programming rates per service subscriber to continue to increase as a result of annual increases pursuant to our programming contracts and contract renewals with programmers. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired. The existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. We also face risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification, or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers, and ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation and credibility. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters, and similar events, which could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers, and our business.