Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation, availability and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. We must continue to invest in and maintain long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats or other events that could disrupt our information technology systems. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. Increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. Additionally, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase customers as planned, differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that provide enhanced value to our customers, provide quality and satisfactory levels of service and retain accounts with favorable medical cost experience or more profitable products versus retaining or increasing our customer base in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience or less profitable products. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we, or any of the third-party providers or subcontractors that we or they engage, were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our clients, customers and health care providers and hinder our ability to provide or establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract clients and customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care providers and to operate our business. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. We have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyberattacks or other computer-related penetrations. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to our proprietary systems are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other personal information, including protected health information that is subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws. Our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning present regulatory and legal challenges that could negatively affect our business and our reputation. Our use of artificial intelligence, including machine learning technologies, as well as more recent technological advances in AI/ML, pose risks to us and subject us to new and existing laws and regulations. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers and increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers.