We face significant competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and other large multinational companies, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our success is and will likely increasingly be dependent on our ability to effectively leverage existing and emerging digital technologies, such as artificial intelligence and data analytics, to gain new commercial insights and develop relevant marketing and advertising to reach customers and consumers. The substantial growth in ecommerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property. We continue to invest behind our data strategy, digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses. Our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We are also seeking to strengthen and leverage our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, artificial intelligence, ecommerce and data and analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. Our ability to quickly innovate to adapt and market our products and to adapt our packaging or the sustainability profile of our products to meet evolving consumer preferences and/or regulatory requirements is an essential part of our business strategy. We rely extensively on information and operational technology systems, which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including cloud-based service providers, and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include communicating within our company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; receiving and processing orders from, shipping products to and invoicing our customers and consumers; marketing products to consumers; collecting, storing, transferring and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data; processing transactions; managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms; and complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements. We have a broad array of information and operational security measures in place, but our IT/OT systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyberattacks. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, and are becoming more sophisticated. Such cyberattacks can adversely impact our business, including our ability to ship products to customers, issue invoices and process payments or order raw and packaging materials. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our or our third-party service providers' IT/OT systems. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, may intensify our cybersecurity risks. Our commitment to sustainability and social impact targets will require significant efforts from us and our stakeholders, including capital investment and the development of technology that may not currently exist. We continue to monitor the impact of the sanctions, export controls and import restrictions imposed in response to geopolitical events, which may affect our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. The identification, development and introduction of innovative new products that drive incremental sales involves considerable costs and effort, and our ability to launch new products is also dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape.