Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment content to consumers. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers, rather than through traditional video distribution channels, continues to disrupt traditional media distribution business models despite our efforts to adapt our video service offerings. Our ability to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers or that enhance our business operations, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations, and sell our products and services. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. We also incorporate third-party software, applications, and data hosting and cloud-based services into many aspects of our products, services, and operations, as well as rely on service providers to help us perform our business operations, all of which expose us to cyber attacks. Our ability to compete effectively will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in content, such as the production of films and original content for television networks and streaming services, and in the creation of new theme parks and attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. We expect that we will continue to experience incidents related to cybersecurity in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such incident will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, or results of operations. Our businesses depend on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We expect to continue to invest significantly in existing and new theme park attractions, hotels, and infrastructure, which we believe will have a positive impact on attendance and guest spending at our theme parks. Our ability to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies. The legal landscape for new technologies, including artificial intelligence, remains uncertain, and development of the law in this area could impact our ability to protect against unauthorized third-party use, misappropriation, reproduction, or infringement.