Our business strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence, including through our partnership with Google Cloud. This strategy allows us to continue to develop into a more broadly diversified financial exchange that provides trading and clearing solutions across a wide range of products and asset classes. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, resilience, capacity, security, and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our customers, our people, and our third-party service providers are vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations, which could cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, failed settlement of trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, or processing of trades, financial losses, cybersecurity attacks, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, or regulatory sanctions. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our technology expense consists of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology. It also includes costs for network connections for our electronic platforms and some market data customers; telecommunications costs of our exchange, and fees paid for access to external market data. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business. We must continue to upgrade, expand, and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, internet service providers, data processors, cloud hosting providers, data center providers, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cybersecurity risks. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. However, our security measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. If we do not continue to enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings, including the development and migration of our marketplace and supporting operational and business functions to the cloud, or if we are unable to develop our trading systems and technology offerings to include other products and markets, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected.