Our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We rely on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees, and other sensitive matters. As such, our information technology environment faces information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks, and other cyber attacks, which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. These threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property, or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs, and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature, and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. We manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures, and purchases from suppliers. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules, stoppages, and supply chain challenges. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationship with China, Brazil, and France, and efforts to withdraw from or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand, and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation, and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.