Our technologies, systems and networks are subject to cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity risks to our business, including our suppliers, third-party service providers, contractors, joint venture partners and external business partners, include unauthorized access to, or control of or disclosure of sensitive information about our business and our employees; compromise of our data or systems, including corruption, sabotage, encryption or acts that otherwise render our data or systems unusable; theft or manipulation of our proprietary information; and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure. We also face increased risk with the increased sophistication of generative artificial intelligence capabilities, which may improve or expand the existing capabilities of cybercriminals. Our increasing reliance on IT in our production, distribution and marketing systems may allow cybersecurity threats to disrupt our oil and gas operations, both domestically and abroad. The success of our low-carbon strategy will depend in part upon the cooperation of government agencies, the support of stakeholders, our ability to research and forecast potential investments, and our ability to apply our existing strengths and expertise to new technologies, projects and markets. Our ability to successfully execute on our energy transition plans is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may be costly to achieve. We have established our low-carbon technologies organization to identify and evaluate business opportunities that address end-use emissions and early-stage low-carbon technology opportunities that would leverage our existing expertise and adjacencies. Our investments in these technologies may expose us to numerous financial, legal, operational, reputational and other risks. Our operations are subject to a variety of hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, such as the monitoring, prevention or mitigation of or protection from explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, labor disputes, geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyberattacks. Our operations are subject to additional hazards concerning exposure to and potential release of pollutants and toxic substances, as well as other environmental hazards and risks. We recognize the importance of ESG performance to our stakeholders and company success, and we have a governance structure that extends from the board of directors through to executive leadership and business unit managers. Our foundational principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance. We believe that this framework, combined with our success in meeting the business objectives set by our triple mandate, represents the most effective way for us to sustainably contribute to society's transition to a low-carbon economy. We are committed to capital discipline through the use of a fully burdened cost of supply, including cost of carbon, as the basis for capital allocation. Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours. Our business environment is influenced by various external factors, including government policies and markets, as well as potential regulations that may impair our ability to execute on current or future plans. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry. We must also compete for the materials, equipment, services, employees and other personnel necessary to conduct our business. If we are not successful in any facet of this competition, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.