Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. We continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our acquisition of Alliance Healthcare and Pharmalex. The processes needed to achieve and maintain the expected cost savings, growth initiatives, and efficiencies in sourcing, logistics, and distribution associated with our relationship with WBA are complex, costly, and time-consuming. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with WBAD, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected. We are also being sued by private plaintiffs, such as unions, other health and welfare funds, hospital systems, third-party payors, other healthcare providers, and individuals alleging personal injury for the same activities, and continue to be named as a defendant in additional opioid-related lawsuits. Security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. These risks have increased with the growth of our business, including as we integrate the information systems of acquired businesses, such as Alliance Healthcare, into our enterprise. In March 2023, one of our foreign business units experienced a cybersecurity event that resulted in the unavailability of certain data stored on a standalone legacy information technology platform and disrupted operations of the company's foreign business unit in that country. Although the prior incidents did not have a material impact on us, either individually or in the aggregate, similar incidents or events in the future may materially impact our business, reputation, or financial results. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation is critical to our ability to expand and retain our customer base, strategic partnerships, and other key relationships. Any negative publicity about us or the industry in which we operate may adversely impact our business and operations. Furthermore, failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting, or environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions, including litigation. We face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including risks related to any responses thereto by the federal, state, or foreign governments as well as customers and suppliers. A pandemic could adversely affect our operations, supply chains, and distribution network, and we could experience and expect prolonged unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services similar to those experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with WBA may not be realized. If we are unable to achieve any of our objectives, the expected future benefits may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.