We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets, and any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired or operational capabilities established outside the U.S. could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We plan to ultimately deploy our proprietary auction technologies at all of our foreign operations, and we cannot predict whether this deployment will be successful or will result in increases in the revenues or operating efficiencies of any acquired companies relative to their historic operating performance. Integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Disruptions to our information technology systems, including failure to prevent outages, maintain security, and prevent unauthorized access to our information technology systems and other confidential information, could disrupt our business and materially and adversely affect our reputation, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition. We maintain an information security program, and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection to address or mitigate these risks. However, we cannot provide assurances that our efforts to address cybersecurity incidents and mitigate against the risk of future cybersecurity incidents or system disruptions will be successful. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, and any failure to maintain this integrity may result in loss of customers due to slow delivery times, unreliable service levels, or insufficient capacity. We have developed a proprietary enterprise operating system to address our international expansion needs, and the ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carries certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions. We regularly evaluate and implement new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. Our internet-based auction model has allowed us to offer our products and services to international markets and has increased our international buyer base. We face significant competition for the supply of salvage and other vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles, and our principal competitors include other auction and vehicle remarketing service companies. Our ability to manage growth depends on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities and also on our ability to hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel, establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers, and secure adequate capital. We are subject to federal, state, and international laws, directives, and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, security, and transfer of personal data, and noncompliance with our legal obligations relating to privacy and data protection could result in penalties and significant legal and financial exposure. The implementation of new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increasing management responsibilities and diverting management attention.