The company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The security, stability and availability of the company's and its key third-party vendors' information technology systems are critical to its ability to operate safely and effectively and to compete within the transportation industry. A successful data breach, cyber-attack, or the occurrence of any similar incident that impacts the company's or its key third-party vendors' information technology systems could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential or proprietary information, process failure, or other operational difficulties. A disruption or compromise of the company's or its key third-party vendors' information technology systems, even for short periods of time, and any resulting theft or compromise of company confidential or proprietary information could adversely affect the company's business or reputation, create significant legal, regulatory or financial exposure and have a material adverse impact on the company's business, financial condition or operations. The company, its third-party vendors and other companies in the rail and transportation industries have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, data breaches, cyber-attacks and other similar incidents. These incidents may include malware, ransomware, distributed denial of service attacks, social engineering, phishing, theft, malfeasance or improper access by employees or third-party vendors, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, human error, fraud, or other modes of attack or disruption. The company may be at increased risk of experiencing a cyber-attack as a result of being a component of the critical U.S. infrastructure. If such an event takes place, the company may be required to incur significant expenses in excess of existing cybersecurity insurance coverage. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, data breaches, cyber-attacks or other similar incidents. The company or its third-party vendors may also experience cybersecurity incidents as a result of employees, third-party vendors and other third parties with which they interact working remotely on less secure systems and environments. Despite the company's efforts to protect its information technology systems, it may not be able to prevent or anticipate all data breaches, cyber-attacks or other similar incidents, detect or react to such incidents in a timely manner or adequately remediate any such incident. Additionally, if the company is unable to successfully acquire, develop or implement new technology, including artificial intelligence, it may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation services. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. The company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company intends to fund capital investments primarily through cash generated from operations.