Cintas relies extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact the ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, consolidated results of operations, and reputation, exposing the company to litigation risk. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested; however, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. Although appropriate measures have been adopted to mitigate potential risks to technology and operations from information technology-related and other potential disruptions, the unpredictability of such disruptions could lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in the ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, thereby adversely affecting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and have become increasingly sophisticated, including malicious software, unauthorized access attempts, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. The company has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none have had a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, it could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, or potential liability and damage to reputation. Cintas also relies on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems, and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services. If these third-party vendors experience service interruptions, security breaches, or other similar events, the business and consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. Effective internal controls are necessary for the company to provide reliable financial reports, and while the company continues to evaluate its internal controls, it cannot guarantee that these measures will ensure adequate controls over financial processes and reporting in the future. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could prevent the company from producing reliable financial reports or preventing fraud, which may adversely affect stock price. The company believes that a key component of its success is its corporate culture, which depends on the ability to attract, develop, and retain key employees. Competitive pressures and labor shortages may make it more difficult and expensive to attract and retain key employees, which could adversely affect business performance. Cintas is subject to various litigation claims and legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of its business, which may result in liability and expense material to its consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. The company’s ability to achieve its environmental, social, and governance goals is subject to risks, many of which are outside of its control, and its reputation could be harmed if it fails to meet such goals.