We and our vendors have experienced and continue to experience information security incidents. Data governance failures or the failure or disruption of our information technology or infrastructure can adversely affect our reputation, businesses and prospects. Pursuing multiple information technology improvement initiatives simultaneously could make continued development and implementation significantly more challenging. Our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personally identifiable, personal health, and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, employees, members and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. The company is dedicating and will continue to dedicate significant resources and incur significant expenses to maintain and update on an ongoing basis the systems and processes that are designed to mitigate the information security risks it faces and protect the security of its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets against attempts by unauthorized parties to obtain access to confidential information, disrupt or degrade service, or cause other damage. The impact of known cyberattacks has not been material to the company's operations or operating results through December 31, 2023. The board is regularly informed regarding the company's information security policies, practices and status. A compromise of our information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our businesses, operating results and financial condition. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, cyberattacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. We rely heavily on our information and technology systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, customer loyalty and subscription programs, finance, human resources and other processes. Throughout our operations, we collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of confidential and sensitive data and information, including personally identifiable information and protected health information, that our customers, employees, members and other constituents provide to purchase products or services, enroll in programs or services, register on our websites, interact with our personnel, or otherwise communicate with us. We must re-engineer and reduce the number of these older, legacy systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve our productivity and reduce our operating expenses. We also need to develop or acquire new technology systems, contract with new vendors or modify certain of our existing systems to support the consumer-oriented and transformational products and services we are developing, operating and expanding and/or to meet current and developing industry and regulatory standards, including to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, and changes to applicable privacy and security laws, rules and regulations. If we fail to achieve these objectives, our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our operating results may be adversely affected.