The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The companies are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the companies' operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the companies' business. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could impact their operational efficiency and financial performance. The development and construction of the CVOW commercial project involves significant risks, including the ability to obtain and maintain various local, state and federal permits, rights of way and other regulatory approvals. The companies' ability to invest the significant financial resources necessary for the CVOW commercial project is dependent on the companies' access to the financial markets in a timely and cost-effective manner. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' reliance on information technology systems is critical for their operational efficiency, and any failure in these systems could lead to significant business disruptions. The companies' operations are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. The companies' ability to complete the CVOW commercial project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with current cost estimates is subject to various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the companies' control. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies, may also impact the companies' operations and their ability to respond to market dynamics.