The secure operation of information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of information is critical to business operations and strategy. We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and compromise sensitive data, exposing us to liability that could cause our business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures, our information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to various threats. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption or shutdown of our operations, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We compete in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets with other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. We compete on product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, sustainability, customer service, and price. Our ability to understand our customers' preferences and requirements and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand could significantly affect our business results. Our approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. Customers continue to adopt technology integrated in our portfolio of "smart" machines, systems, and solutions. We expect this trend to persist for the foreseeable future. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation, we need to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for our customers. We may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, digital security for precision technology solutions, and dealer and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. The unavailability of specialized technicians to service our equipment may result in overburdening dealers' servicing capacity. Our ability to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality is critical to customer adoption. Our current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems depend upon the use of radio frequency signals, which could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of our GPS-based products. Changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for our diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our smart industrial operating model and leap ambitions. Failure to realize these benefits could adversely affect results of our operations and financial condition. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, and assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of our businesses. Our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect our ability to execute our strategy.