Our digital banking and payment services operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers, and third parties with whom we do business. We must effectively manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. The success of our merger with Capital One will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated revenue and cost synergies from combining the businesses, which requires effective integration and management of technology resources and operational capabilities. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume, and business strategies. Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands, which is influenced by our technological capabilities and the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives. We seek to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational, and other risks as well as expenses. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return, relying on analytical and forecasting models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk. The quality and integrity of the data loaded into these models are critical, as compromised data can lead to inaccurate forecasts and ineffective risk management practices. We also depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of our operations, including software and systems development, which necessitates effective vendor management to ensure compliance with applicable laws and service level agreements. Our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic and market conditions, which are difficult to predict. We must effectively manage our liquidity risk to meet cash requirements, including day-to-day operating expenses and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. The evolving regulatory environment and increased compliance expectations may generate additional expenses or require significant time and resources to maintain compliance. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, including technology such as generative artificial intelligence, are necessary to maintain a competitive business and integrate newly-acquired businesses. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor, and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. The combined company may be unable to retain personnel successfully after the merger is completed, which could adversely affect our business activities and management's attention may be diverted from successfully hiring suitable replacements. The completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions, or decrees that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems, and disruptions could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation, and results of operations.