Information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business. We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. Additionally, phishing attacks, whereby perpetrators attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, vendors or other users of a company's systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to its data, have become more prevalent in recent years. The use of remote work environments and virtual platforms may increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. Our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, renters, employees, vendors and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business, both in an office setting and remote locations as needed. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. The unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach by any means could lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. The outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business. We may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. The European Union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the California Privacy Rights Act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. These regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems, including notifying individuals regarding information we have collected from them. We have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these requirements, but our costs may increase significantly if new requirements are enacted and based on how individuals exercise their rights. Any noncompliance could result in substantial penalties, reputational damage or litigation. We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures, which include multiple redundant safeguards, to protect our systems and data. We use various encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and increasingly leverage sophisticated technologies such as artificial intelligence, they often are not recognized until launched against a target. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures or to identify and investigate cybersecurity incidents. Although past cybersecurity incidents have not had a material effect on our business or operations to date, in the future a data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers.