Our business depends upon providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, cybersecurity, and maintenance of environmental conditions. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, online sites, and networks, as well as physical, digital, and operational technology infrastructure to support our internal and external operations. We face evolving risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information systems and data, including from state-sponsored espionage actors, financially motivated hackers, and other diverse attack vectors. Attacks, breaches, or disruptions to our information systems could result in unauthorized access to our or customers' physical assets or information systems, misappropriation of sensitive or proprietary information, and disruptions to operations. We regularly experience cyberattacks and security incidents, and we expect such attacks and incidents to continue in the future. We have made, and expect to continue to make, investments to update and modernize both existing and newly acquired information systems. Our ongoing acquisitions and investment activity, including through the formation of joint ventures, may increase our cybersecurity risks. Transitioning to new or upgraded information systems and integrating acquired information systems creates challenges and can increase our cybersecurity vulnerabilities and costs to mitigate and remediate such vulnerabilities. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on various factors, including our product offerings, operating reliability, and security. Our business depends on the demand for data centers, and we face significant competition, which may adversely affect occupancy and rental rates. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. Our technology infrastructure must support the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. The technology industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements, and industry standards. New systems to deliver power or eliminate heat in data centers could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. Our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers unmarketable. We depend upon third-party suppliers for power, and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers. We also depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers, and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Our international activities, including acquisition, ownership, and operation of data centers located outside of the United States, subject us to risks different from those we face domestically. We may not be able to effectively manage our international business, and our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. We may face difficulties in integrating employees and retaining key personnel, which could adversely impact our revenue. Our growth depends on external sources of capital, which are outside of our control, and we may not be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms. We have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks. Our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates and adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements.