We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. Acquisitions have resulted in further de-centralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. Likewise, data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems or to the systems of strategic vendors pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. While we have continually matured our security program and capabilities and have had no material incidents to date, cyber threats continue to evolve and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems or in the systems of strategic vendors, including cloud providers, that could cause reputational damage, business disruption or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive information; or could otherwise materially adversely affect our business, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Our continued success will depend on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities, to drive business growth, development and profitability. We may experience business disruption if we fail to execute organizational change and management transitions. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We conduct business in more than 170 countries and, in 2023, approximately 47% of our net sales originated outside the United States. Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve. Economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, refining, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our customers, and we may find it difficult to restore margins by maintaining pricing due to easing inflation from slowing economic growth. Additionally, changes in U.S. or foreign government policy on international trade, including the imposition or continuation of tariffs, could materially and adversely affect our business. We are also periodically faced with the risk of economic uncertainty, which has impacted our business in some countries. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. Our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations and meet our contractual commitments and failure to do so could materially and adversely impact our business; and we may be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. We have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals in alignment with the United Nations Global Compact's business ambition for 1.50C and our commitments to science-based targets addressing scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions. Achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist.