We face intense competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those acquired through mergers and acquisitions. Our information systems require ongoing investment and commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems, and development of new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cyber-security risks, changing customer preferences, and evolving industry and regulatory standards. Failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems, or the availability and integrity of our data, could adversely affect our business. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber-attacks, privacy incidents, and security breaches. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of cyber-attacks and security breaches. We cannot ensure that we or our third-party service providers will be able to identify, prevent, or contain the effects of cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems. We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated, and tested regularly to ensure successful containment and remediation of potential disruptions or cyber events. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial. The failure to responsibly use and protect data, or if such data is found to be inaccurate or unreliable, could result in adverse consequences for our business and customers. Our reliance on third-party vendors for certain functions and services, including information technology systems, exposes us to risks of operational failure or service disruptions. We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, and a termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability. We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide access to new and evolving technologies and products. The integration into our business of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, and we may experience difficulties in integrating business combinations, including into our internal control environment and culture. Our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs is critical to our operational efficiency and overall performance.