The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers, and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier, or employee information. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to its information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage, and product failure. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses, and therefore may not realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to achieve higher rates of growth, integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions, and cooperate with strategic partners. The company must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. Market growth from the use of cleaner energy sources, as well as emissions management, energy efficiency, and decarbonization efforts are likely to depend in part on technologies not yet deployed or widely adopted today. The company may not adequately innovate or position its businesses for the adoption of technologies such as battery storage solutions, hydrogen use cases in industry, mobility, and power generation, enhanced electrical grid demand management, carbon capture and sequestration, or advanced nuclear power. The company's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company monitors market prices of the commodities it requires and attempts to mitigate price exposure through hedging activities, but significant shortages or price increases could impact the prices charged, operating costs, and competitive position of products and services. The company’s ability to invest in its businesses, make strategic acquisitions, and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. The company’s success depends on the ability to attract, develop, and retain key personnel, as the skills, experience, and industry knowledge of management and key employees significantly benefit operations and performance.