Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow. Our information systems are protected with robust backup systems and processes, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities. However, information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, cybersecurity incidents, telecommunication failures, and other problems. We may be unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems, which could negatively impact our operational efficiency and business transformation efforts. Cybersecurity incidents or violations of data privacy laws could cause operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or damage our reputation. We have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, but a compromise of our data security systems could result in information being obtained by unauthorized persons. The development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel, including information technology personnel, is critical to our operational flexibility and management capability. We have invested in, developed, and deployed capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain, which includes technology functionalities that promote actionable data capture and improve operating efficiencies. Our investments in information technology are essential for enhancing our digital footprint and supporting our growth drivers, including fmi solutions and onsite services. The effectiveness of our information technology systems is also tied to our ability to manage our supply chain and respond to market dynamics. The reliance on third-party software and services related to our information systems presents additional risks, as these providers may choose to discontinue their products or services. Our competitive advantage is increasingly linked to our ability to leverage technology resources and integrate them into our business processes, which enhances our organizational capabilities and market responsiveness. The evolution of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to support our business strategies and drive performance improvements.