Our information and operational technology systems have been and may be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, disruptions, damage, failure, and risks associated with implementation and integration, including of new technologies. The mining industry has become increasingly supported by and dependent on digital technologies. Our strategy of operating large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets has been increasingly dependent on our ability to become fully integrated and highly automated. Many of our business and operational processes are heavily dependent on traditional and emerging technology systems to conduct day-to-day operations, improve safety and efficiency, and lower costs. As our dependence on information systems, including those of our third-party service providers and vendors, grows, we have become more vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity threats could subject us to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes, loss of sales, communication interruption, or other disruptions and delays to our operations or to the transportation of products or infrastructure utilized by our operations. The use of artificial intelligence may increase our exposure to cybersecurity risks and additional risks relating to the protection of data, including increased exposure of confidential or otherwise protected information to unauthorized recipients, which could result in liability under or termination of our contracts with third parties, misuse of our intellectual property, or other unintended consequences. We are advancing a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics to our leaching processes. These leach innovation initiatives are providing opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles. Initial results are providing incremental low-cost additions to our expected annual production and the potential to add to our reserve profile. Our failure to successfully implement new technologies, including AI, may adversely affect our competitiveness and, consequently, our results of operations. We are also evaluating water infrastructure alternatives to provide options to extend existing operations and support a future expansion, while continuing to monitor regulatory and fiscal matters, as well as trends in capital costs for similar projects. In connection with PT-FI's 2018 agreement with the Indonesia government to secure the extension of its long-term mining rights, PT-FI agreed to expand its domestic smelting and refining capacity. At the end of 2023, progress of the Indonesia smelter projects exceeded 90%. PT-FI is actively engaged in projects for additional domestic smelting and refining capacity, including the expansion of its capacity by 30% to 1.3 million metric tons of copper concentrate per year. The construction of the Manyar smelter in Gresik, Indonesia, is advancing on schedule with a target of May 2024 for mechanical completion. PT-FI is also advancing plans to transition its existing energy source from coal to liquefied natural gas, which is expected to meaningfully reduce PT-FI's scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions at the Grasberg minerals district. The project includes investments in a new gas-fired combined cycle facility. Our operations require significant energy, much of which is currently from fossil fuel sources and is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. We are evaluating options for the electrification of our haul trucks, but reduction of emissions from such haul trucks will depend upon the development and availability of commercially viable alternative-fueled mining equipment by our third-party suppliers.