We rely on information technology to receive package-level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to clear shipments through customs, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our ability to attract and retain customers, efficiently operate our businesses, execute our drive transformation and one FedEx consolidation plan, and compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. A significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely affecting our reputation, business, or results of operations. We are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, ransomware attack, or malware attack by computer hackers, foreign governments and state-sponsored actors, cyber terrorists and activists, cyber criminals, malicious employees or other insiders of FedEx or third-party service providers, and other groups and individuals. The technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition. We depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. Such third parties may host, process, or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. We have security processes, protocols, and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. However, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties' security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or disrupt our operations. We have experienced continual attempts by cyber criminals, some of which have been successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss, and cyber-fraud, which could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as those related to our drive transformation, including network 2.0, and one FedEx consolidation plan. The failure to successfully execute our drive transformation program, including network 2.0, and our one FedEx consolidation plan in the expected time frame and at the expected cost may adversely affect our future results. Additionally, integrating and implementing new administrative and back-office support functions, information-technology infrastructure, and computer systems of the respective companies is a critical challenge that must be addressed to realize the anticipated timing and projected benefits of our drive transformation and one FedEx consolidation plan.