We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to technological changes, including enhancing our current products and services and developing new products and services, will significantly affect our future success. We believe that data, and the insights enabled by data, can be used to create or enhance the products and services that we offer to our clients. As a result, we are using, and expect to continue to expand our use of, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, business partners, and other third parties promoting the use of or distributing our products and services. We are effecting changes in our business designed to further enhance operational performance in the delivery of our integrated portfolio of products and solutions to our financial institution clients. We expect that financial institutions and other financial technology providers will continue to invest significant capital to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We believe that our strength in distribution, our progress growing software and services, and our value-based pricing as we continue to invest in our operating systems gives us a solid foundation for growth. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. To meet rising business and consumer expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. Financial institutions must now be able to serve their customers with tailored solutions, delivered how and when those customers want. This requires financial institutions to not only process their transactions but to integrate their products and services to give customers easy access to such integrated solutions. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We expect to realign our reportable segments to correspond with these organizational changes, which we expect to be completed effective for the quarter ending March 31, 2024. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients, and their customers. Preserving the confidentiality of sensitive business and personal information is critical to our business. We have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and mitigate security vulnerabilities. We cannot be certain that the security measures and procedures we have in place to detect security incidents and protect sensitive data will be successful or sufficient to counter all current and emerging risks and threats. Our ability to keep pace with technological change, including as a result of artificial intelligence, is crucial for retaining clients and attracting new ones. If we fail to keep pace with technological change, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited.