We have increasingly focused our software segment's business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on the FICO® platform, our modular software offering designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products and new versions of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings and our scoring solutions. We believe much of the future growth of our business and the success of our business strategy will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update some of our products. We do not own or control much of the data that we require, most of which is collected privately and maintained in proprietary databases. Our business strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy, security, competitive concerns, regulatory concerns, or prohibitions or a lack of permission from their customers or partners, we could lose access to required data and our products. Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems, and increasingly those of our external service providers. As we continue to grow our software segment's business, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these systems increases. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption. These interruptions can include software or hardware malfunctions, communication failures, outages or other failures of third-party environments or service providers, and cybersecurity attacks. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services and upon introducing enhancements and improvements to existing products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new, enhanced or improved products and services, our revenues may decline. We expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies. This could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, use leading third-party technologies effectively, continue to develop our technical expertise, and anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs. Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking industry. If our clients' industry experiences uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to significant competition in the markets in which we operate, and our products and pricing strategies, and those of our competitors, could decrease our product sales and market share. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify.