Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and our operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. Our ability to successfully anticipate market changes related to cloud-based solutions and to sell, support, and meet service level agreements related to cloud-based solutions is critical. We rely on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, and any failure to optimize our channel partner model could seriously harm our business. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Weak global and regional economic conditions and spending environments may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, including resulting in longer sales cycles and lower prices for our products and services. Our business model typically involves selling our security solutions to distributors that sell to networking security-focused resellers and to certain service providers and managed security service providers, who, in turn, sell to end-customers or use our products and services to provide hosted solutions to other enterprises. We have implemented a cloud-based quoting tool to help provide our sales team with the ability to have faster quote generation, reduce quote errors, and increase sales productivity. Our ability to integrate the data from this tool into our order processing may cause order processing delays that could affect our financial results. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, costs, supply, and timing. The existence of inflation in certain economies has resulted in increasing or decreasing interest rates and capital costs, which may adversely impact spending patterns by our distributors, resellers, and end-customers. Our ability to manage our relationships with these third-party manufacturers effectively is crucial, as any manufacturing disruption could impair our ability to fulfill orders. We have seen certain impacts on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity, and capital and financial resources, such as longer sales cycles, delayed purchases, and increased commitments with certain suppliers. Our future performance depends on the continued services and contributions of our senior management to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. Our investments in sales and marketing resources are critical to support our future growth, and we expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in 2024. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial, operating, security, and administrative systems and controls, as well as our business continuity and disaster recovery plans and processes. Failure to improve our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely, and reliable reports on our financial and operating results and could impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our ability to sell our products is dependent on our quality control processes and the quality of our technical support services, and our failure to offer high-quality technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Our success depends on the market's confidence in our ability to provide effective network security protection, and any security incident could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations.