Our success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage IT systems and products for various customers. We maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and we review and update our policies, procedures and practices in light of evolving threats. We conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats. Our technologies segment's revenue was up due primarily to strong demand for IT services and the acquisition of a C5ISR solutions business in 2022. Our ability to perform our obligations to our customers, and our future revenue, earnings and margin, may be materially adversely affected if we are unable to otherwise obtain necessary materials, components, subsystems or services in a timely and cost-effective manner. Cybersecurity events and other disruptions could negatively impact our business. We have experienced cybersecurity events and disruptions such as viruses and attacks targeting our IT systems. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could have a materially adverse impact on our company by, among other things, causing harm to our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation; disrupting our operations; exposing us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; and challenging our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers. Our investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies is expected to support the segment's long-term growth. We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, and we believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions and opportunistic share repurchases. The ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems are common risks shared across our segments. We rely on other companies and our government customers to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Our ability to perform our obligations to our customers may be adversely affected if any one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. The primary driver of cash inflows in both years was net earnings. Cash flows in both periods were affected positively by an increase in customer deposits driven by Gulfstream aircraft orders, offset partially by an increase in inventory due primarily to new aircraft models awaiting certification from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The technologies segment's total estimated contract value was $40.8 billion on December 31, 2023, compared with $39.6 billion at year-end 2022. Significant contract awards in the technologies segment during 2023 include an IDIQ contract to provide full spectrum security support services to protect mission critical infrastructure for the U.S. Air Force.