We must continue to develop and commercialize new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core ICE business, such as EVs and AVs, software-enabled connected services, and other new businesses. Our ability to attract and retain talented, diverse, and highly skilled employees is critical to our success and competitiveness. Our success depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented and diverse employees who are highly skilled in their areas. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features, at decreasing price points, designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. The production and profitable sale of EVs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we continue our transition to an all-electric future. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a strategic portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; scale our EV manufacturing capabilities; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs, particularly with respect to battery cells and packs; and efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of battery cells. Our ability to successfully deliver on our EV strategy could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. We face risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of GHG emissions, changing consumer preferences, and other risks related to our transition to EVs. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers, which have experienced significant growth in customer acceptance, as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. We are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. Our ability to fully deploy our technologies in China may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and China and the unique regulatory landscape in China. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of AVs on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, reputation of our brand, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal, state, provincial, or local regulations. We rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked and connected products to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. Security breaches, cyberattacks, and other disruptions to information technology systems could interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, service providers, suppliers, customers, counterparties, exchanges, clearing agents, clearinghouses, or other financial intermediaries. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity, and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them.