Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We continue to invest significant resources in technical infrastructure and R&D, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology, products, and services. We are expanding our investment in AI across the entire company, which includes generative AI and continuing to integrate AI capabilities into our products and services. Our ability to deploy certain AI technologies critical for our products and services and for our business strategy may depend on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies in a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. Our investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital. Innovations in our products and services could also result in changes to user behavior and affect our revenue trends. We face intense competition, and if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive. Our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained in the past, and may contain in the future, errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, terrorist attacks, state-sponsored attacks, natural disasters or pandemics, and other attempts to harm or access our systems. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services, invest in cybersecurity, and hire talent, particularly to support and scale our sales force. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy AI across our businesses. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We have experienced and/or may in the future experience supply shortages, price increases, quality issues, and/or longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our devices and servers and networking equipment used in our technical infrastructure. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. The ongoing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business and our revenues since inception. We expect that this evolution will continue to benefit our business and our revenues, although at a slower pace than we have experienced historically.