The functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems. However, Grainger may not be able to maintain or update its information systems to capture and use data in ways that result in operational efficiency, including as a result of ineffective software, difficulties obtaining the right talent, and the ability to manage the increasing volume of data available to, and managed by Grainger. Grainger relies on the information technology (IT) systems of third parties to assist in conducting its business. The implementation of new systems and upgrades to existing systems could impact Grainger's operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management's time, and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of its business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. Grainger has also made significant investments in digital advertising and customer acquisition and retention efforts for its e-commerce channels, including through paid and non-paid advertising. The successful execution of Grainger's e-commerce growth strategy depends on several factors, including Grainger's investment in its e-commerce platforms, consumer preferences and purchasing trends, and the ability to deliver a seamless procurement experience across digital and physical retail channels. Grainger has increased its investments in developing, managing, and implementing artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and large language model technologies. While the use of these technologies can present significant benefits to Grainger, it also creates risks and challenges. Grainger's IT infrastructure includes products and services provided by suppliers, vendors, and other third parties, and these providers can experience breaches of their systems and products that impact the security of systems and proprietary or confidential information. Grainger's systems are integrated with customer systems, and a breach of Grainger's systems could be used as an attempt to gain illicit access to customer systems and information. Grainger's information systems are protected with backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, but are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from various threats, including cyber threats. Grainger's ability to operate its e-commerce platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store team member or customer data could be adversely affected if critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable. Grainger's continued strategic aspiration is to expand its leadership position by enhancing operational processes to improve service and cost through customer experience, technology, and supply chain infrastructure, ultimately delivering long-term returns for shareholders. The company expects technological advancements, innovations, and the increased use of e-commerce solutions within the industry to continue to evolve at a rapid pace, requiring Grainger to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments.