Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: we continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. Our strategy also emphasizes investments that seek to advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements is critical. The results of our efforts to use technology and resilience initiatives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, to drive efficiencies, better outcomes and an enhanced patient experience are also significant. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians and other health care professionals will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We continue to utilize certain contract, overtime and other premium rate labor costs to support our clinical staff and patients. While these costs have declined compared to the prior year period, future costs may be affected by labor market conditions and other factors. We expect to fund capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds. We continue to invest in our shared service platforms to deploy key components of our support infrastructure, including revenue cycle management, health care group purchasing, supply chain management and staffing functions. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. We consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. The estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are comprised of case reserves for known claims and reserves for incurred but not reported claims. We have significant debt service requirements. Our debt totaled $39.593 billion and $38.084 billion at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We believe cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.