Howmet's information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer network and telecommunications failures; cyberattacks; catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. Information technology system failures, cyberattacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Howmet's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences having a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to the security of Howmet's systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of its data, as well as those of its customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. The company believes that it faces threats of cyberattacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. The company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although past attacks did not result in known losses of any critical data or have a material impact on Howmet's financial condition or results of operations, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. While the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents that manipulate or improperly use the company's systems or networks, compromise confidential, personal or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, block access to its systems, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Howmet's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Howmet's competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the company's ability to develop and innovate products, deploy technology initiatives, and implement advanced manufacturing technologies. Management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency, which includes investments in technology upgrades and automation projects across all segments. The company anticipates that significant expansion projects will be funded through various sources, including cash provided from operations, and that capital expenditures are expected to increase with additional investments in capacity expansions. Howmet's operations consist of four worldwide reportable segments, and segment performance is evaluated based on a number of factors, including the primary measure of performance being segment adjusted EBITDA. The company has aligned its operations consistent with how the CEO assesses operating performance and allocates capital. The company maintains a disciplined approach to cash management and the strengthening of its balance sheet, focusing on actions to improve Howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. The company’s technology capabilities are integral to its strategy for maintaining a competitive advantage in the market, and its ability to leverage information technology resources is critical to supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency.