We are a leading global provider of technology and data to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations and government entities. Our products, which span major asset classes including futures, equities, fixed income and U.S. residential mortgages, provide our customers with access to mission-critical tools that are designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our business is conducted through three reportable business segments: exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology. The acquisition of Black Knight, a software, data and analytics company that serves the housing finance continuum, is expected to build on our position as a provider of end-to-end electronic workflow solutions for the rapidly evolving U.S. residential mortgage industry. The Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive, end-to-end U.S. residential mortgage platform, intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. Our data and connectivity services revenues are related to the various data and connectivity services that we provide which are directly attributable to our exchange venues. Our data services revenues are recurring subscription fees related to these services. The increase in our data and connectivity services revenues was driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, and increased purchases by existing customers. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; and increasing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 52% in 2023. Our strategic management practices include evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and establishing adequate control over financial reporting as defined by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission framework. We continuously review our positions on various tax matters, including unrecognized tax benefits, and monitor the creditworthiness of our counterparties and investment agents. Our operational flexibility is supported by our technology infrastructure, which is designed to enhance our organizational effectiveness and agility in responding to market dynamics.