Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The focus on information management capability involves the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is underscored by the notion of IT capability. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations emphasizes the importance of IT governance and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes. The assessment of internal control over financial reporting includes evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and the overall control environment. The conclusion of management's assessment is that the internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm has independently assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. The evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures indicates that management has concluded these are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The inherent limitations on the effectiveness of controls are acknowledged, noting that a control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. The management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting is based on criteria established in an internal control-integrated framework. This assessment is crucial for ensuring the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP.