Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) that may reduce customer demand for our products or services. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services, and business models. We must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies. Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services. If we are not able to effectively utilize our customers' data to provide them with value or develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers, our revenues may be harmed. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We rely on intellectual property in our products and services, and we may not be able to obtain licenses to these third-party technologies or content on reasonable terms. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands. Our ability to achieve our goals is subject to numerous risks that may be outside of our control. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties. We implement additional security measures and continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. If our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business or prevent us from delivering critical services to our customers, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. As we continue to incorporate emerging technologies, like AI and blockchain, into our offerings, they may not function as designed or have unintended consequences, any of which could subject us to new or enhanced competitive harm, legal liability, regulatory scrutiny, or reputational harm.