Our information technology systems are critical to the success of our products, helping us operate effectively and efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and help us produce our consolidated financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of existing customers, difficulty attracting new customers, business operation disruptions, diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources, security breaches, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personal information. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack, damage, or interruption from a variety of sources. The risk of a security breach or a disruption has generally increased in number, intensity, and sophistication. If our information technology systems, or those of our critical third-party vendors, do not effectively and securely collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. We have implemented various controls, systems, and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and the information on it. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Our reliance on sole- and single-sourced suppliers and ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials could harm our ability to meet product demand in a timely manner or within budget. An information technology systems interruption, including cyberattacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. We engage in activities to seek to mitigate such supply disruptions by increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. We utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the installed systems for determining the number and type of procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. The vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We believe that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue. Our systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. The discussion of indications for use and representative or target procedures is intended solely to provide an understanding of the market for our products and is not intended to promote for sale or use any intuitive product outside of its licensed or cleared labeling and indications for use. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. Based on our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from our business, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future.