The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The realization of any liabilities or deficiencies may increase the company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. The company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past and could choose to acquire additional businesses in the future, which involves risks and financial, accounting, managerial and operational challenges. The company's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture enables it to be fast, focused, and responsive, allowing businesses to customize their approach to serve specific customer needs. The company is subject to complex laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations, including data privacy laws, which adds compliance complexity and may increase costs of compliance and expose the company to reputational damage or litigation. The company's enterprise strategy initiatives include the re-application of its proprietary 80/20 front-to-back process, which is expected to improve future operating margins and organic revenue growth. The company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business's customers and end markets. The company's focus on high-quality businesses ensures it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value the company's differentiated products, services and solutions. The company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. The company's ability to consistently execute and invest through the ups and downs of the business cycle is now a defining competitive advantage. The company has implemented compliance programs which include internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training to deter prohibited practices, although these measures may not be effective in preventing violations of applicable laws and regulations. The company believes that its sources of liquidity are sufficient to service debt and to finance its capital allocation priorities, which include internal investments to support organic growth and sustain core businesses, payment of an attractive dividend to shareholders, and external investments in selective strategic acquisitions that support the company's organic growth focus. The company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions, and the individual businesses in many of the reporting units have been able to improve their performance, primarily as a result of the application of the company's 80/20 front-to-back process. The company continues to drive 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence in every division, which will produce further customer-facing performance improvement and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level.