The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain and operations. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. The company leverages the use of data science, machine learning, and other forms of AI and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of AI may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. The application of machine learning and AI in the business is emerging and evolving alongside new laws and regulations that may entail significant costs or ultimately limit the ability to continue the use of these technologies. The company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that its businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross-border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact business operations and research activities. The company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and other factors. The company’s reliance on third parties to manufacture and supply certain products includes risks associated with regulatory compliance and quality assurance, which could adversely affect business performance. The company’s ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers is critical to its continued growth and success. The company’s investment in research and development reflects its commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly impact health for humanity. The company’s strategic resource allocation and management capability are essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force, enabling it to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s operational efficiency and effectiveness are supported by its IT governance and management skills, which are crucial for addressing business needs and achieving organizational goals. The company’s focus on business process management and optimization is integral to maintaining market agility and responsiveness to competitive actions and market dynamics.