We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents affecting our, our customers', suppliers' and other service providers' systems and networks. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee errors, malfeasance, or otherwise. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents affecting our, our customers', suppliers' and other service providers' systems and networks. We have experienced cyber-related attacks in the past, and expect to experience cyber-related attacks and incidents in the future. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our customers could result in substantial delays in our ability to ship to those customers or install our products, which could result in delays in revenue recognition or the cancellation of orders, and cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could result in substantial delays in our ability to obtain necessary components for our products from those suppliers, which could hamper our ability to ship our products to our customers, harming our results of operations. We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operations. Our global operations are dependent upon certain information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, network communications, email and various computer hardware and software applications. System failures or malfunctions, such as difficulties with our customer and supplier relationship management systems, could disrupt our operations and our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of our financial results. Our enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems could adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes, such as the evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting. We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations. We outsource a number of services, including our transportation, information systems management and logistics management of spare parts and certain accounting and procurement functions, among others, to domestic and overseas third-party service providers. While outsourcing arrangements may lower our cost of operations, they also reduce our direct control over the services rendered. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products delivered or services rendered, on our ability to quickly respond to changing market conditions, or on our ability to ensure compliance with all applicable domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing or service interruptions or delays, loss of intellectual property rights or other sensitive data, quality and compliance issues, and challenges in managing our product inventory or recording and reporting financial and management information, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to maintain our technology advantage or protect our proprietary rights. We may not be able to compete with new products introduced by our competitors. We may not receive components necessary to build our products in a timely manner. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal amount of our current indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations, our credit rating, the ongoing interest rate environment and the other risk factors discussed. We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy. We may face disruptions if we cannot access critical information in a timely manner due to system failures. We may be unable to attract, onboard and retain key personnel.