Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these systems, networks, and services include controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. We have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our IT, operational technology (OT), and data systems from attacks; however, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be completely effective. We have experienced increases in the number of attempts by external parties to access our networks or our company data without authorization. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, has increased as attempted attacks, including acts of terrorism or cyber sabotage, have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. We may also need to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures, to comply with regulations, and to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Development of new technologies could create additional risk, or we may not have sufficient resources to manage our technology. Custom or new technology that is heavily relied upon by us or our counterparties may not be maintained and updated appropriately due to resource restraints, which could cause technology failures or give rise to additional operational or security risks. Technology failures or incidents of misuse could result in significant adverse effects on our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have implemented a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing. Our capital expenditures are classified as sustaining capital expenditures, which are investments to maintain the operational integrity and extend the useful life of our assets, and expansion capital expenditures, which are investments to expand throughput or capacity. The classification of our capital expenditures as expansion or sustaining is made consistent with our accounting policies and is generally straightforward but can be a matter of management judgment and discretion. We believe that our existing hedge contracts in place within our CO2 business segment substantially mitigate commodity price sensitivities in the near term. The trend toward increasingly stringent regulations creates uncertainty regarding our capital and operating expenditure requirements over the longer term. The EPA's final rule known as the "good neighbor plan" imposes prescriptive emission standards for several sectors, including new and existing internal combustion engines used in pipeline transportation of natural gas. If this plan were fully implemented, it would require installation of more stringent air pollution controls on hundreds of existing internal combustion engines used by our natural gas pipelines business segment, potentially resulting in significant compliance costs and operational disruptions.