We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security. Key to enabling success of our strategy is developing differentiating technologies, forging strategic partnerships, including with commercial companies, executing on our multi-year business transformation initiative to enhance our digital infrastructure and increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our ability to capture and retain future growth in development, production, and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve sustainment performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements, and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control. Our business is affected by geopolitical issues, and we continue to work with the U.S. government and our supply chain to evaluate increases in capacity at certain of our operations to anticipate potential demand and enable us to deliver critical capabilities. We are engaged in significant classified development programs and pending successful achievement of the objectives within those programs; we expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We face a multitude of security threats, including cybersecurity threats ranging from attacks common to most industries to attacks from more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation-state actors, which target the defense industrial base and other critical infrastructure sectors. We must comply with specific procurement requirements that can limit the number of eligible suppliers, and a significant number of the components or supplies used are currently single or sole sourced. Our future success in delivering innovative and affordable solutions to our customers relies, in part, on our multi-year business transformation initiative that seeks to significantly enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. We are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with these laws and regulations. We also may not be successful in making hardware upgrades and other modernization capabilities in a timely manner, including as a result of dependencies on suppliers, which could increase costs and create schedule delays. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract.