The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Technological changes and developing technologies have required, and are expected to continue to require, new and costly investments. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. Our customer support business group provides products and services to maximize installed equipment performance, predictability, and operational efficiency. We have a limited number of key customers; sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections, and profitability. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our failure to develop and offer the correct technology solutions in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations, including domestic and international trade regulations, policies, practices, relations, disputes, and issues. Our business is dependent upon the use and protection of technology, data, intellectual property, and other sensitive information, which may be owned by, or licensed to, us or third parties. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the creation, transmission, use, and storage of much of this information, and for the effective operation of our business. We have experienced cybersecurity and other threats and incidents in the past. Although past threats and incidents have not resulted in a material adverse effect, we may incur material losses related to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents in the future. We expect to continue to make significant investments in R&D, to investigate the acquisition of new products and technologies, to invest in or acquire such businesses or technologies, and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers, or other members of the industry. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success.