We manage or use sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, customer relationship management, analytics, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. The cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of these technologies and systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. Our business may suffer if we or our third-party service providers fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to these systems. Disruptions in or changes to these systems, including during upgrades or replacements, could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. We have underway a multi-year initiative to upgrade certain of our core technologies and systems, as these and other technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. Our business could suffer if we cannot refine, update, and/or replace technologies and systems as quickly or effectively as our competitors. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. The integrity and protection of this personal data is critical to our business. Our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, and other third parties will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal data. The information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and governmental regulation continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. Our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations. We have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to payment obligations and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand. We have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. Our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. Our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems increases the company's exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. We have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems. Any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences. Future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties could lead to future interruptions in, or other adverse effects on, the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties.