Our ability to compete effectively is influenced by the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We rely on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are making significant investments in artificial intelligence (AI), including generative AI, to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities. Our investments in AI initiatives are aimed at enhancing our advertising tools, developing new products, and creating new features for existing products. We are also focused on driving onsite conversions in our business messaging ad products by developing new features and scaling existing features. Our advertising revenue growth for the full year 2023 was driven mainly by marketer spending in online commerce, which benefited from marketers based in China, consumer packaged goods, and entertainment and media. We anticipate that future advertising revenue will be driven by a combination of price and the number of ads delivered. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we and our competitors introduce new and different products and services. We regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, but we do not have perfect visibility into the factors driving advertiser spending decisions. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products that deliver ad impressions. We are also making significant investments in our metaverse efforts, including developing virtual, augmented, and mixed reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies for the metaverse. Our metaverse strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. We have experienced challenges in operating with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems could adversely affect our business. The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives. We are also subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions, which relate to many aspects of our business, including with respect to users and advertisers.