Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change such as AI. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. As a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology, including generative AI, and infrastructure to support our own systems. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. Our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions. We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, and other claims. We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems. The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security, and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. Our information technology systems and information security control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage, or interruption from a variety of external threats. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. We are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries through increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as fraud, mistake, misconduct, or other improper action by employees, vendors, and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. The inability to implement, maintain, and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have a history of making acquisitions and investments. The process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities, or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack.