Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other interruptions that could disrupt our business operations and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Information technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, enables us to operate efficiently, manage our procurement, supply chain and employee processes, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not appropriately allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, and/or the loss of and/or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including internal and external cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity attacks may be difficult to detect for periods of time and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, phishing and social engineering, attempts to gain unauthorized access to networks, computer systems and data, and other forms of electronic security breaches. Such attacks could lead to disruptions in or loss of access to our data or business systems; an inability to process customer orders and/or lost customer orders; unauthorized release of confidential, proprietary or otherwise protected information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, or suppliers; lost revenues or other costs due to facility disruption or shutdown; additional expenses, including the cost of remediating incidents or improving security measures, increased insurance costs, and/or ransomware payments; and corruption of data. Any such consequences could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also may suffer reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential or proprietary information belonging to us, or employees, customers, suppliers, or other third-party service providers and may become exposed to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. Our data management systems, including our SAP enterprise resource planning system, must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business. If these systems do not perform effectively due to equipment malfunction, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attacks, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired. We rely on relationships with third parties, including suppliers, distributors, bottlers, cloud data storage, and other information technology service providers for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. These third-party service providers and partners, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems, as well as employee failures. While we have procedures in place for selecting and managing our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices, and procedures. If we fail to adequately monitor our third-party service providers' and partners' performance, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries, or investigations. These risks may also be present in acquired businesses, joint ventures, or companies that we invest in or partner with that use separate information systems or have not yet been fully integrated into our information systems.