We rely extensively on information technology, much of which is managed by third-party service providers (such as cloud data service providers), to support a variety of business processes and activities, including: complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of our operations; researching, developing, manufacturing and distributing our products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult tobacco consumers and others. Our suppliers, supply chain service providers and trade customers also rely extensively on information systems. We continue to make appropriate investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. Our safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. From time-to-time, we and our service providers, suppliers and trade customers experience attempts to infiltrate and interrupt information systems. To date, interruptions of these information systems as a result of infiltration attempts have not had a material impact on our operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. For example, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our and our service providers', key suppliers' and trade customers' cybersecurity risks. Failure of our, or our service providers', key suppliers' or trade customers', information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm to the companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We and our service providers, key suppliers and trade customers are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding personal data protection, privacy, artificial intelligence and information security. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country or, within the United States, from state to state, and can create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our efforts, and the efforts of our service providers, key suppliers and trade customers, to comply with these laws and regulations impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to continue to increase over time, particularly as additional jurisdictions adopt similar regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, could result in litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, fines, penalties and business disruptions, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and purchase behavior, including as a result of difficult economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior catalyzed by challenging macroeconomic conditions and changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully among our premium and discount brands and broaden our product portfolios across price-points and categories, including by bringing to market new and innovative tobacco products that appeal to adult tobacco consumers.