We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer and investor data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers' retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our information systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers), including our cloud computing environments and operational technology environments, are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, and phishing and social engineering schemes, supply chain attacks, and advanced artificial intelligence cyberattacks, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. Cybersecurity events involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, regulated personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review or scrutiny; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, U.S. federal and state laws. Our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. We have developed a rin integrity program to vet the rins that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit rin generators. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, driving operational improvements and being disciplined in capital allocation. This means lowering our costs in all aspects of our business and challenging ourselves to be disciplined in every dollar we spend across our organization. We look to optimize our portfolio of investment opportunities to ensure efficient deployment of capital focusing on projects with the highest returns. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social and governance dimensions of our business. That means strengthening resiliency by lowering the carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. Our capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. The 2024 capital investment plan for midstream - mplx excludes $285 million of capital expenditures, which is expected to be incurred primarily by mpc and other mplx customers on mplx's behalf. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant, including upgrades to information technology systems. The refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda depends largely on our refinery throughputs, refining & marketing margin, refining operating costs and distribution costs. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. The volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations.