The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. The company continues to be a target of cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, complex information technology systems, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations and financial reporting. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the company's employees, third parties with authorized access, or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems, such as cloud-based systems, could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to replace outmoded technology and improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition; the use of which can create new risks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to identify and attempt to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that the company's efforts to protect its data and IT systems or the efforts of third-party providers to protect their IT systems will be successful in preventing disruptions to the company's operations, including its manufacturing, research, and sales operations. Such disruptions have in the past and could in the future result in loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from the company's or the company's third-party providers' databases or IT systems and have in the past and could in the future also result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to the company and substantial remediation costs. The company's growing use of artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate processes, analyze data, and support decision-making poses inherent risks. Flaws, biases, or malfunctions in these systems could lead to operational disruptions, data loss, or erroneous decision-making, impacting the company's business operations, financial condition, and reputation. Ethical and legal challenges may arise, including biases or discrimination in AI outcomes, non-compliance with data protection regulations, and lack of transparency. Furthermore, the deployment of AI systems could expose the company to increased cybersecurity threats, such as data breaches and unauthorized access leading to financial losses, legal liabilities, and reputational damage. The company also faces competitive risks if it fails to adopt AI or other machine learning technologies in a timely fashion. The inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain social media and mobile messaging channels could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies.