Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services that utilize ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence to drive insights and productivity gains. We are investing in artificial intelligence ("AI") across the entire company and infusing generative AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial offerings. Our intelligent cloud and intelligent edge offerings are connected to the growth of the Internet of Things ("IoT"), a network of distributed and interconnected devices employing sensors, data, and computing capabilities, including AI. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and our success in driving ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Azure, Azure AI, and Azure IoT Edge. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our investments in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We are also focused on developing new AI platform services and incorporating AI into existing products and services. Our ability to use data in this way may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and competitive compensation and benefits. We are also subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we could face increased costs, liability claims, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. The development of the IoT presents security, privacy, and execution risks. IoT products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. Our ability to realize the full benefits from acquisitions and other transactions will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones.