We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy is to generate value through our technologies that help meet the changing needs of our customers around the world in protecting people, property, and places. We believe that public safety agencies and enterprises continue to trust LMR communications systems and devices because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security, and resiliency to withstand the most challenging conditions. By extending our two-way radios with broadband data capabilities, we strive to provide our customers with greater functionality and multimedia access to the information and data they need in their workflows. Our video technology includes video management infrastructure, AI-powered security cameras, and cloud-based access control solutions. We deploy video security and access control solutions to thousands of government and enterprise customers around the world, which utilize video security technologies to increase visibility, accountability, and safety for citizens, communities, and first responders alike. Our command center software supports the complex process of the public safety workflow from "911 call to case closure," enabling individuals within enterprise settings and communities to communicate and collaborate directly with public safety agencies. We expect to provide additional services to existing LMR customers as communications networks become more complex, software-centric, and data-driven. Our cloud technologies can offer organizations the ability to access, search, and manage their video security and access control system from a centralized dashboard, accessible on remote devices. We have made go-to-market and research and development investments in both video and our command center technologies with growth in mind. Our comprehensive approach to system upgrades addresses hardware, software, and implementation services, ensuring that our customers' systems often have multi-year or multi-decade lifespans that drive demand for software upgrades and additional services to monitor, manage, maintain, and secure these complex networks. We strive to deliver services to our customers that help improve performance across their systems, devices, and applications for greater safety and productivity. Our vulnerability and that of our third-party vendors to cyber and other information technology risks may also be increased by factors such as cyberattacks related to geopolitical conflicts and the large portion of our office workforce that continues to work from home. We maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks and employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, including training, audits, encryption, and utilization of commercial information security threat sharing networks. If we fail to effectively manage our cybersecurity, our business, products, and services could suffer from the resulting weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems, or controls. We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations and are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems from both internal and external sources. Our reliance on third-parties could, in certain instances, result in reputational damage or even disqualify us from sales opportunities with certain government customers. We expect that our operations and supply chain will become increasingly subject to federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, and international treaties and industry standards relating to climate change, which could require us to make certain changes to our manufacturing practices and/or product designs.