nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. despite nee's and fpl's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's ability to process transactions and provide services. the companies add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis, and modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, negatively impacting the effectiveness of the companies' control environment and their ability to timely file required regulatory reports. nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints associated with the information systems of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business, and if a significant breach occurred, it could materially adversely affect their reputation, diminish customer confidence, or expose them to costs associated with the breach and potential fines and legal claims. the companies are also exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices, and they use derivative instruments to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of its power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and fuel marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. the ability of nee and fpl to manage their respective interest rate exposure is facilitated by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts, and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. the companies' credit risk exposure associated with their energy marketing and trading counterparties is managed through established policies, including counterparty credit limits and credit enhancements. overall, the effective management of information technology capabilities is crucial for supporting business needs, enhancing operational efficiency, and maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market landscape.