Our operations are dependent on information technology and operational technology systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure, and risks associated with implementation, upgrade, operation, and integration. The operating and control systems at our mines increasingly leverage technology-based solutions based on a combination of on-premises and cloud-based platforms, which are crucial for operating our mines safely and efficiently. We have experienced attempts by external parties to compromise our networks and systems, including a cyberattack in 2020, which required significant time and resources to recover. Future material compromises or breaches of our IT systems could adversely impact our business and operations, including damage to our reputation and competitiveness, remediation costs, litigation, or regulatory actions. We are also dependent on the successful integration of IT systems following the acquisition of Newcrest, as significant demands will be placed on our managerial, operational, and financial personnel and systems. The integration process could result in the diversion of management attention and disruption of existing relationships with suppliers, employees, customers, and other constituencies. The anticipated benefits of the Newcrest transaction will depend on our ability to integrate operations effectively and improve our operational and financial controls and reporting systems. Our systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, may be targeted by increasingly sophisticated threat actors, including malware, cyber threats, and security breaches, which are increasingly difficult to identify and quantify. Additionally, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency, such as artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles, may further expose our operations and computer systems to cybersecurity incidents. We maintain general insurance but do not have specific insurance policies covering cybersecurity risk due to increased premium costs and restrictions to coverage. The company's ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income, with significant estimates related to expectations of future taxable income based on historical results and forecasted cash flows. Our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with these laws imposes substantial costs and burdens, which could impact our financial position. We are committed to implementing the Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM) for tailings storage facilities by 2025, which may result in increases to our estimated sustaining costs and closure costs for existing operations. Our sustainability strategy is foundational to achieving our purpose to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining, and we are continuously evaluating our strategic priorities and capital deployment to ensure we execute on our capital priorities. The company has also developed a strategic alliance with Caterpillar to implement a comprehensive all-electric autonomous mining system to achieve zero emissions mining, which may require significant capital investments. The ongoing integration of new technologies and systems is crucial for enhancing operational flexibility and achieving our long-term sustainability goals.