We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our success in competing depends, in part, on our ability to remain cost-competitive, accurately anticipate our customers' needs and successfully to effect our digital transformation strategy and adopt and integrate new digital manufacturing and operating technologies into our products and services. We continue to work proactively to mitigate the challenges caused by the macroeconomic environment, including, in some cases, seeking the inclusion of economic price adjustment clauses or seeking to recover on requests for equitable adjustments, engineering change proposals or other claims. Our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends on the talent of our workforce, continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects, continued access to assured suppliers of important technologies and components, our ability to compete (including with commercial companies) and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to develop and deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. Our operations and financial performance, as well as demand for our products and services, are impacted by global events, including violence and unrest. The macroeconomic factors have contributed, and we expect will continue to contribute, to increased costs, delays, disruptions and other performance challenges, as well as increased competing demands for limited resources to address such increased costs and other challenges, for our company, our suppliers and partners, and our customers. The U.S. continues to face an uncertain and evolving political, budget and regulatory environment. The political environment, federal budget, debt ceiling and regulatory environment are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, especially in light of the ongoing conflicts and heightened global tensions, the inflationary environment and political tensions. We believe our capabilities, particularly in space, C4ISR, missile defense, battle management, advanced weapons, and survivable aircraft and mission systems should help our customers in the U.S. and globally defend against current and future threats and, as a result, continue to allow for long-term profitable business growth. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions. We are also subject to increasing government, customer and other cyber and security requirements, including disclosure obligations. We have robust measures in place to address and mitigate cyber-related risks. However, we have experienced cyber attacks and expect we will continue to experience additional attacks in the future. Our customers and partners (including our suppliers and joint ventures) to whom we entrust confidential data, and on whom we rely to provide products and services, face similar threats and growing requirements. If they fail to deter, detect or report cyber incidents in a timely manner, we may suffer financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees and reputation. Our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. If we do not achieve our estimates or meet terms in our contracts, our profitability has at times been and may be reduced, and we have incurred and may incur losses. We aim to ensure that our technical solutions are responsibly developed, tested and operated. Problems and delays in the successful development and delivery of our solutions, including as a result of issues with our design, technology or operations, digital transformation, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, artificial intelligence, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor (or other supplier) performance can prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities.