A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. To conduct business, we extensively rely on information and operational technology systems, and improvements in those technologies, in all aspects of our business. System upgrades, redundancy, and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Regardless of the cause, significant disruption or failure of one or more of information or operational technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, cloud services, and communications equipment, can result in us experiencing a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by, among other things, preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, including our risk-based approach to cybersecurity, our reliance on the framework for improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity drafted by the U.S. Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST CSF) and our layered defense system, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks, and we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach of our systems or disruption to our service in the future. Our failure to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect, and integrate our information technology systems could result in a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. The increase in purchased services in 2023 was due to higher technology-related costs, increased operational and transportation expenses, and higher engineering activity. The increase in purchased services in 2022 was due to inflationary pressures which resulted in higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased operational and transportation expenses, as well as higher technology-related costs. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of one or more alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation. We are addressing multiple governmental actions as a result of the incident, as noted in "incident risks" above. Our inability to comply with the requirements of any new or additional laws, regulations, or operating protocols resulting from or related to the incident or the incident proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or operations. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads, and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks, and we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach of our systems or disruption to our service in the future.