We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our clients. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Our measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats may not be successful in preventing a security incident or data breach or limiting the effects of such a breach. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyberattack or security incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our clients, reputational damage, and private data exposure. We could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address an attack or incident, which may not be covered or fully covered by our insurance and which may involve payments for investigations, forensic analyses, legal advice, public relations advice, system repair or replacement, or other services, in addition to any remedies or relief that may result from legal proceedings. We depend on third-parties to provide important software, technologies, tools and a broad array of services and functions, such as payroll, human resources, electronic communications, data storage, and certain finance and treasury functions, among others. Cyber-attacks are malicious cyber activity and a security incident is a successful cyber-attack that has the potential to expose sensitive data, internal systems, or otherwise disrupt business operations. The risk of a cybersecurity breach or operational disruption, particularly through a cyber incident, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, particularly as remote working has become more common. Our clients, joint venture partners, or other third parties with whom we do business may themselves become subject to cyberattacks or security incidents, over which we may have no control, and which could have an indirect adverse impact on them, us or our business relationship. We have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, such as the implementation of systems and/or vendors that provide constant monitoring of our IT networks and related systems for cyber-attacks and incidents. However, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our clients. Cyber-attacks and security incidents threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and information resources. The primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyberattack or security incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our clients, reputational damage, and private data exposure. The occurrence of a cyberattack or security incident could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.