Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these information technology systems, networks, and services include controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems, collecting and storing customer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and data, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, complying with regulatory, legal, financial, or tax requirements, and providing data security. If any of our systems is damaged, fails to function properly, or otherwise becomes unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if our operational systems fail as a result of an inadvertent error or by deliberate tampering with or manipulation of our operational systems. Dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee or third-party tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Cybersecurity, physical security, and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems, and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access and to identify and appropriately report cyberattacks remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, including sufficient insurance, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations or cumbersome contractual obligations. Current efforts by the federal government, such as the Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity Executive Order, and the TSA security directives have utilized significant internal and external resources, and any potential future statutes, regulations, or orders could lead to further increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage costs, or capital expenditures. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business resulting from additional regulations. The success of our operations depends on a number of factors that are outside our control, including the competence and financial resources of the operator or an outsourced service provider. We may have to contract elsewhere for outsourced services, which may cost more than we are currently paying. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain the same level or kind of service or retain or receive the services in a timely manner, which may impact our ability to perform under our contracts and affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of gathering, transportation, and distribution pipelines, storage facilities, and processing and fractionation facilities, which include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, damage by third parties, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, and the performance of facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. The occurrence of operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions could affect adversely our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.