We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Machine learning and AI are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our profitability and revenues could be adversely impacted if we lost one or more of our key customers. We cannot provide any assurance that the standards on which we choose to develop new products will allow us to compete effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas. The nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving as firms emerge, expand, or are acquired, as technology evolves, and as delivery models change. Our enterprise cloud, license, and hardware offerings compete directly with offerings from some of the largest companies in the world. We believe many vendors spend amounts in excess of what we spend to develop and market applications and infrastructure technologies, which compete with our offerings. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our offerings. Our cloud services and license support revenues are earned by providing access to our cloud applications and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models. The proportion of our cloud services revenues relative to our total revenues has increased, and we expect this trend to continue. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, customer satisfaction with our offerings, and our ability to manage Oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We continue to invest significantly in research and development, as we believe these efforts are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown in recent periods, and we expect this growth to continue as we increase our existing data center capacity and establish data centers in new geographic locations to meet current and expected customer demand. Our hardware business provides a broad selection of enterprise hardware products and hardware-related software, and we expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and develop new offerings. Our services business helps customers maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We have a selective and active acquisition program that is an important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future. The impacts of expense contributions from our recent acquisitions generally were not separately identifiable due to the integration of these businesses into our existing operations. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through various deployment models, and we continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our sales force.