Occidental relies on digital and industrial control systems, related infrastructure, technologies, and networks to run its businesses and to control and manage its oil and gas, chemicals, marketing, and pipeline operations. The oil and gas industry is increasingly dependent on information technology (IT) and industrial control systems (ICS) to conduct certain exploration, development, and production activities. Use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems, and other public networks exposes Occidental's businesses to the risk of cyber attacks, which have escalated in recent years. Information and industrial control technology system failures, network disruptions, and breaches of data security could disrupt Occidental's operations by causing delays, impeding processing of transactions and reporting financial results, or leading to the unintentional disclosure of company, partner, customer, or employee information that could damage its reputation. A cyber attack on Occidental's information or industrial control systems and related infrastructure, or those of its business associates or third-party service providers, could negatively impact Occidental's operations in various ways, including adversely impacting Occidental's ability to compete for oil and natural gas resources, resulting in delays and failure to reach the intended target or causing a drilling incident, and resulting in a disruption of the manufacturing and marketing of its products or a potential health, safety, and environmental hazard. Occidental's ability to manage its operations may be adversely affected by interruptions due to cybersecurity incidents, which may require significant expenditures to investigate or remediate, recover data, repair or replace networks or information systems, or protect against similar future events. Occidental's oil and gas business operates in highly competitive environments, which affect its ability to source production and replace reserves. The exploration and production of oil, natural gas liquids (NGL), and natural gas is a highly competitive business, and Occidental has many competitors, including national oil companies, some of which may be larger and better funded. As its competitors use or develop new technologies, Occidental may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and competitive pressures may force it to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. Occidental's strategy seeks to advance its goals of achieving net-zero emissions from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. Occidental aims to maximize shareholder returns through a combination of delivering a sustainable and growing dividend, enhancing its asset base with new investments in its cash-generative energy and chemical businesses as well as emerging low-carbon businesses, and advancing technologies and business solutions to help drive a sustainable low-carbon future. Occidental's operational priorities include maximizing operational efficiencies by investing in high-return upstream assets to generate long-term free cash flow that will provide cash flow stability throughout the commodity cycle. The company also focuses on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. Occidental's midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage, and terminal commitments and by providing the oil and gas segment access to domestic and international markets. The segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to Occidental's subsidiaries, as well as third parties.