Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our current solutions and introduce new solutions in order to keep pace with solutions offered by our competitors, including the successful utilization of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions; enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients' requirements; and adapt to technological advancements and changing industry standards. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities. We rely upon information technology ("IT") networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes, some of which are provided by third-party vendors. Cyberattacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation. A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption or outage, corruption of data, or theft of personal or other sensitive information, could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or that of our clients, result in liability or regulatory sanction, or cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss in confidence in our ability to serve clients. The rapid speed of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities and internet disruptions enabled by new and emerging technologies may outpace our organization's ability to compete and/or manage the risk appropriately. We collect, use, and retain increasingly large amounts of personal information about our clients, employees of our clients, and our employees, including sensitive personal and business information. The security of our IT infrastructure is an important consideration in our customers' purchasing decisions. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations and to modify and enhance our information security and controls, and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. While we have security systems and IT infrastructure in place designed to detect and protect against unauthorized access to such information, if our security measures are breached, either internally or externally, our business could be substantially harmed, and we could incur significant liabilities. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack or act of war, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. We are committed to good corporate citizenship, which is reflected in our company culture and core values. Disclosure of our corporate governance practices including our ESG initiatives may draw negative publicity from stakeholders. If we are unable to maintain quality HCM and employee benefit-related solutions and PEO and insurance solutions, our reputation with our clients may be harmed and the value of our brand may diminish.