The company relies on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. Some of the company's products include telematics which provide over-the-air software updates, advanced fleet management tools and real-time data analytics on driver and vehicle performance. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. The company is increasing its investment in fuel-efficient diesel and electric powertrain technologies, connected vehicle services, and next-generation manufacturing and parts distribution capabilities. Paccar, Cummins, Daimler Trucks and Eve Energy are partnering to produce state-of-the-art commercial vehicle batteries in a factory in Marshall County, Mississippi, with a total investment expected to be in the range of $2-3 billion. The company believes its current strategies, programs and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. The company's financial services segment is exposed to risks arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the company. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The provision for losses on receivables increased to $31.3 million in 2023 from $5.5 million in 2022, primarily driven by higher charge-offs, portfolio growth and higher past due balances. The company utilizes economic forecasts from third-party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. The company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. The company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations in the markets in which it conducts business, and expects that climate change-related laws, regulations, and international accords will continue to evolve. The company's financial services activities are primarily funded from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability.