The successful construction and development of projects will depend, in part, on our ability to complete supporting information technology (IT), cybersecurity, and physical security upgrades. Cybersecurity attacks or intrusions or other disruptions to our IT, operational, or other systems could adversely impact our businesses. We rely on information and operational technology systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and transmission and distribution systems. Our business is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. A major failure of availability or performance of a critical operating technology or business system, and inadequate preparation or execution of business continuity or disaster recovery plans for the loss of one or several critical systems, could result in extended disruption to operations or business processes, damage to systems and/or loss of data. Cybersecurity risks to our operations include disruption of the operation of our assets, the fuel supply chain, the power grid and gas transmission and distribution, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, and general business system and process interruption or compromise. We face increased risk of cyberattack as cybersecurity threats to the energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency. Our operational and IT systems and products may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks involving fraud, malice, or oversight on the part of our employees, other insiders, or third parties. The operation of our business is dependent upon the IT systems of third parties, including our vendors, regulators, and regional transmission organizations. The misappropriation, corruption, or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses, mitigation expenses, and legal and regulatory fines and penalties. We are also exposed to the risk of pandemics, which could impair our ability to timely provide service to our customers or complete our investment projects. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution, and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact us. The continued development of competing on-site power generation and storage technologies and significant development of demand-side management and energy efficiency programs could alter the market and price structure for power generation and could result in a reduction in load requirements. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders, including investments in technology capabilities and infrastructure to enhance reliability, resiliency, and modernize the system to meet the growing needs and increasingly higher expectations of customers. Our investments in capital improvements and additions, including the construction of transmission and distribution facilities, modernizing and expanding existing infrastructure, are expected to support our clean energy strategy and enhance our operational efficiency. The successful implementation of our clean energy initiatives and technology deployment is critical to achieving our organizational goals and maintaining competitive positioning in the market.