The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. The financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, biometric authentication, and increased online and mobile device interaction with customers. In response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we have been investing in technology and connectivity. This effort has involved the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources, which could be constrained to the extent that sustained adverse economic conditions negatively impact our business or financial performance. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields. The need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information systems has become more important and more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. Our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. Failures leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall security, design or performance issues. Our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, disasters, and other events. The occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of any of our information or communications systems could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. We are also reliant on information systems maintained by other companies, and any failure or security breach of those systems could negatively impact us. We face ongoing, nearly continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. Our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened because of our expanded digital products and services, geographic footprint and continued remote work environment. We maintain policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems. We continue to devote appropriate resources toward improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. Our technology strategy includes oversight of technology initiatives and programs that can position the use of technology to drive strategic advantages, including technology risk management and cybersecurity. We are subject to risks associated with the extensive use of models in our business, including those related to artificial intelligence, which can be less interpretable than traditional statistical models. The management of our technology and operational risks is critical to achieving our strategic objectives and maintaining our competitive position in the market.