Our use of or inability to adopt and deliver new technological capabilities and enhancements in line with strategic objectives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, may put us at a competitive disadvantage; cause us to miss opportunities to innovate, achieve efficiencies, or improve the customer experience; or adversely impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, system, network, internet and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses, and other destructive or disruptive cybersecurity incidents, and catastrophic events. Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a cybersecurity incident that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. Our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third-party providers, despite our use of backup and redundancy measures. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party providers fail to satisfy their security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In the ordinary course of our business, we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Although we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Despite our security measures, we face cybersecurity threats, including system, network, or internet failures; cyberattacks, ransomware, and other malware; social engineering; and phishing schemes. In these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable, and our or our customers' or employees' confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. Any such cybersecurity incident, including those impacting personal information, could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our customers. A cybersecurity incident could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and threats, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities' systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. Our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error, negligence, or fraud. Although we and our third-party service providers make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information, including the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training, and the existence of a disaster recovery plan, there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cybersecurity incidents or misuses of data. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons.