Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. We rely on information technology systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. We also collect and retain information about our customers, stockholders, vendors, employees, contractors, business partners, and other parties, all of which expect that we will adequately protect such information. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems and confidential information. Breaches or disruptions of our information systems, or systems of key third parties and information technology vendors that we rely upon, can result from, among other things, cyber-attacks, theft, inadvertent exposure of sensitive information, acts of terrorism, war, storms or other natural phenomena, information technology solution failures or network disruptions, and any such cyber-attacks or breaches can go unnoticed for some period of time. Our operations are decentralized with operating companies maintaining some of their own information systems, data, and service providers. While our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including policies, controls, and procedures, are designed to cover our operating companies, there can be no assurance that these will be fully implemented, complied with, or effective in protecting all information systems and operations. We have addressed breaches and disruptions of our information systems, or systems of key third parties and information technology vendors that we rely upon, in the past, and we expect such events to continue to arise in the future. Cyber-attacks can result in compromises of our payment systems, monetary losses, inability to access or operate our systems, delays in processing transactions or reporting financial results, the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential, personal or proprietary company information, or the release of customer, stockholder, vendor, or employee information. Any such breach or disruption could subject us to significant liabilities, cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, or result in regulatory investigations or other actions by governmental authorities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Furthermore, we may incur additional costs related to the investigation and reporting of any such breach or disruption as a result of the SEC's increased reporting requirements for cyber incidents. Our management structure could be inadequate to support our business as it expands and becomes more complex. We cannot be certain that our management structure will be adequate to support our business as it expands and becomes more complex. Due to our continued growth, as well as the increasing complexity of our projects, operations, and industries, we may encounter difficulties managing our business, including with respect to our ability to coordinate and execute business strategies, plans, and tactics. Future growth could also impose significant additional responsibilities on members of our senior management, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to recruit, integrate, and retain new senior-level managers and executives. To the extent that we are unable to manage our growth effectively or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified management, we may not be able to continue to expand our operations or execute our business plan. Our investments, including our joint ventures, expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest that could adversely impact our business or result in reputational harm. We have entered into strategic relationships, joint ventures, and other investment arrangements with various partners, including customers and infrastructure investors, through which we have invested in infrastructure assets and businesses, and we expect this activity to continue in the future.