We operate in an environment that involves significant risks and uncertainties, including reliance on information technology systems. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses and ransomware, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. We are subject to extensive pharmacovigilance reporting and other pharmacovigilance requirements, which may differ in the numerous countries in which we conduct clinical trials or commercialize a product. Our ability to conduct our business is significantly dependent on the data that we collect, process, and share in discovering, developing, and commercializing drug products. These data are often considered personal data and are therefore regulated by data privacy laws in the United States and abroad. Compliance with these requirements has been and is expected to continue to be costly and time-consuming. We face risks related to the personal data we collect, process, and share. Our operations and business activities are subject to various laws and regulations regarding data privacy, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which imposes strict compliance obligations. Violations of the GDPR carry significant financial penalties for noncompliance. The increasing use of social media and artificial intelligence-based platforms could give rise to liability, breaches of data security and privacy laws, or reputational damage. Our reliance on third-party collaborators and service providers for development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our drug candidates and current and future products could result in additional costs, delays, and difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals or successfully commercializing our product candidates. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. We must maintain regulatory compliance for the products we or our collaborators commercialize in countries outside the United States. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products, including the effectiveness of our commercial strategy and the ability to maintain sales in the face of competitive products.