Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We rely on information and technology, including third-party cloud computing platforms, for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process, and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and suppliers. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Our compliance, cyber and data privacy programs, cybersecurity technology, and risk management cannot eliminate all system risk. Cyberattacks, configuration or human error, insider threat, and/or other external hazards could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data, or operational disruption. We rely on third-party data centers and cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure to host certain enterprise and customer systems. Our ability to monitor such third parties' security measures and the full impact of the systemic risk is limited. If any cloud platform that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may experience service interruptions, which could significantly impact our operations, reputation, business, and financial results. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, and/or material harm to our reputation and operating results. Global cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly more sophisticated and attacks to networks, platforms, systems, and endpoints can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its businesses, its customers, and/or its third-party service providers, including, but not limited to, cloud providers and providers of network management services. We seek to deploy measures to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, employee training, data protection, vulnerability management, incident response, secure product development, continuous monitoring of our networks, platforms, endpoints, and systems, and maintenance of ransomware resilient backup and recovery capabilities. Our customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and services, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Despite these efforts, we can make no assurances that we will be able to mitigate, detect, prevent, timely and adequately respond, or fully recover from the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security compromises, and such cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, damage to our IT systems, data loss, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines, customer attrition, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We incorporate artificial intelligence ("AI") solutions into some of our platforms, offerings, services, and features, and these applications may become more important in our operations over time. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. The rapid evolution of AI, including the potential regulation of AI by government or other regulatory agencies, will require significant resources to develop, test, and maintain our platforms, offerings, services, and features in order to implement AI ethically and minimize any unintended, harmful impacts.