Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high-quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that represent a value to our customers. We are currently making, and will continue to make, technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our associates or by third parties. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other transaction processing information systems to misappropriate customer or business information. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. We are subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries. Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise. Our merchandising strategies include offering a wide assortment of quality branded bargains for our customers. We believe staying diligently focused on executing our merchandising strategies is an important driver of our ability to gain market share. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. Our growth strategy is based on successfully expanding our off-price model in current markets and in new geographic regions. We expect competition to increase in the future. Our operational risks include effectively managing our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage. Information or data security breaches, including cyberattacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. Our capital expenditures include costs for various information technology systems and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 is primarily driven by investments in our next distribution centers, information technology systems, existing store improvements, and various expenditures related to distribution centers and buying and corporate offices.