Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology (IT) infrastructure, which could result from cyberattacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security. Cybersecurity threats are continuously evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other third parties. The threats we face are continuous and evolving, and vary in degree of severity and sophistication. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cybersecurity threats, as well as to comply with evolving regulations. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by climate change, including regulations, customer demand, technologies, and extreme weather. We are undergoing a significant, multi-year digital transformation initiative to improve our business, modernize operations, and reduce costs. Under this initiative, we are leveraging digital capabilities throughout the way in which we conduct our business and provide our products and services to customers, including how we design, build, and maintain our products and services. We also continue to engage our customer-oriented results excellence operating system to drive continuous improvement into our processes and facilities. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; receiving regulatory approvals; execution of internal and external performance plans; achieving cost and production efficiencies; and the level of customer interest in new technologies and products. We are investing in artificial intelligence, among other advanced technologies, and we may be unable to successfully integrate the technology into our products and services or keep pace with this rapidly changing technology. Our defense businesses are subject to specific procurement requirements that limit the types of materials they use. Our defense businesses also must require suppliers to comply with various Department of Defense requirements, any of which requirements may further limit the suppliers and subcontractors they may utilize. We are dependent on a global supply chain and subject to risks related to the availability of materials and the performance of our suppliers; in recent years we have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs and adversely affected our performance. We have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue into 2024. Our performance requires a variety of raw materials, supplier-provided parts, components, sub-systems, and contract manufacturing services, and we rely on U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers and commodity markets for these materials and services. Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party IT infrastructure, which could result from cyberattacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security. The products and services that we provide our customers are also at risk of being adversely affected by cyberattacks, including attempts to infiltrate them or sabotage or disable their use. We are also exposed to the risk of insider threat attacks. Any such attacks could disrupt our systems or those of third parties, impact business operations, result in unauthorized release of confidential, proprietary, or otherwise protected information, and corrupt our data or that of third parties. The evolving nature of these standards, along with the long duration of development, production, and aftermarket support programs, creates uncertainty regarding program profitability, particularly with our aircraft engine products.