We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment—economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement. Investor sentiment and market and trading dynamics can affect client preferences and security selection, impacting transactions and asset-based revenues. We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue, and a significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income. The company has utilized higher-cost supplemental funding sources to facilitate changes in client cash allocations, which has negatively impacted net income. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from various causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, and linkages with third-party systems. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, and cyber attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches. We must process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions, and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Cloud service disruptions may lead to delays in accessing data important to our businesses and hinder client access to our platforms. We rely on external service providers to perform key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, and support functions. Significant failures by these service providers could cause us to incur losses and harm our reputation. We have established a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing due to the use of the internet and mobile and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions. Our systems and those of other financial institutions, as well as those of our third-party service providers, have been and will continue to be the target of cyber attacks. We also face operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties. We manage the exposure to third-party risk through internal policies, procedures, and controls. Our technology infrastructure is critical to our operations, and we have invested significantly in enhancing our technological capabilities to support growth in our client base and the integration of acquisitions. We continuously monitor our pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjust interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, and other pricing to sustain our competitive position. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs.