We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, distribution, finance, company operations, research and development, sales, and customer service. Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems may interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information, and severely harm our business. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures, or malware. Disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, providing annual training for all employees, assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage, and strengthening our controls and procedures to identify, detect, protect against, respond to, and mitigate these threats. Our ability to attract, retain, develop, and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills, and experience and our ability to retain, develop, progress, and engage qualified employees across our business. Our capital deployment strategy remains balanced and consistent, and we plan to continue to invest in the construction of new facilities, including our new global headquarters and new research and development center, and in the expansion of certain existing manufacturing and distribution facilities. The company has plans to open 80 to 100 new stores in the United States and Canada and pursue acquisitions that align with our long-term growth strategy. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product composition, raw material sourcing, product innovation and development, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are key competitive factors for our business. Increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas of our business may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire does not meet our expectations. We continue to face elevated wage rates and intense competition for talent due to the ongoing impacts of a tightened labor market and other macroeconomic conditions. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including supply chain disruptions, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, armed conflicts and wars, changes in raw material and energy supplies, public health crises, and pricing and related impacts.