Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective cyber security protection in connection with our digital technologies and services as well as our internal digital infrastructure. We operate information technology networks and systems for internal purposes that incorporate third-party software and technologies. We also connect to and exchange data with external networks that may be operated by our customers, suppliers, alliance partners, or other third parties. We provide digital technologies that allow us or our customers to remotely perform wellsite and field operations. Our digital technologies and services, as well as third-party products, services, and technologies that we rely on, are subject to the risk of cyberattacks, and given the nature of such attacks, some incidents can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond to them in a timely manner. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude as threat actors are becoming increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools that circumvent controls, evade detection, and even remove forensic evidence of the infiltration. We have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business, including attacks resulting from social engineering such as phishing and ransomware infections. Unauthorized access to or modification of, or actions disabling our ability to obtain authorized access to, our customers' data, other external data, personal data, or our own data, as a result of a cyber incident, attack, or exploitation of a security vulnerability could result in significant damage to our reputation or disruption of the services we provide to our customers or of our customers' businesses. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The imperative to operate more sustainably is translating into tangible investments by our customers, resulting in the portfolio generating more than $1 billion of revenue. Our performance and returns-focused strategy, combined with our differentiated market positioning and digital capabilities, will drive profitable growth and further margin expansion, setting a strong foundation for long-term outperformance. We expect continued customer adoption of our digital business, particularly in our new technology platforms. Our digital & integration revenue increased 4% year on year, as strong growth in digital sales was largely offset by lower APS revenue and decreased exploration data licensing sales. The digital technologies and services we provide are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and meeting evolving customer demands. Our ability to maintain technology leadership is crucial for sustaining our competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving industry. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. The energy industry is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue developing and producing innovative technologies in response to changes in the market, including customer and government requirements, or if we fail to deliver such technologies to our customers in a timely and cost-competitive manner. Our digital technologies and services are integral to our operational capabilities and are essential for addressing the demands of the energy transition, which requires adapting our technology portfolio to changing customer preferences and government requirements. Our long-term success depends on our ability to effectively address the energy transition, which will require developing solutions to decarbonize oil and gas operations and scaling innovative low-carbon and carbon-neutral technologies.