The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations, particularly as we derive roughly half of our revenue from sales outside the United States, which requires us to manage multiple remote locations performing complex software development projects. Our operations depend upon our information technology (IT) systems, and we maintain a variety of information security policies, procedures, and controls to protect our business and proprietary information. However, these security measures cannot provide absolute security, and our systems are and have been the target of malicious cyber attack attempts. The increasing complexity of designs of system-on-chips (SoCs), integrated circuits (ICs), and electronic systems, along with customers' concerns about managing costs, may lead to a decrease in design starts and design activity. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our electronic design automation (EDA), intellectual property (IP), and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. If we fail to optimize our EDA and IP solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major IP providers' products, our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The semiconductor and electronics industries have become increasingly complex and interconnected ecosystems, and many of our customers outsource the manufacturing of their semiconductor designs to foundries. Our customers frequently incorporate third-party IP into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. The demand for our products and services is dynamic and depends on various factors, including demand for our customers' products, design starts, and budgetary constraints. Technology in these industries evolves rapidly, characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements as well as changes in industry standards and customer requirements. The adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies can bring new demand and challenges in terms of disruption to both business models and our existing technology offerings. Our efforts in developing new technology solutions, including cloud computing and AI solutions, may not succeed. We compete principally on the basis of technology, product quality, features, and post-contract customer support. Our ability to anticipate and lead critical development cycles and technological shifts, innovate rapidly and efficiently, and enhance the value of our offerings through favorable terms is crucial. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, with new competitors entering these markets both domestically and internationally, and our customers internally develop design tools and capabilities that compete with our products. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our design automation products, expanding our design IP offerings, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and total addressable market. The current uncertain macroeconomic environment could lead some of our customers to postpone their decision-making, decrease their spending, and delay their payments to us, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our sales or recognize revenue from committed contracts. We are actively monitoring geopolitical pressures around the world, including changes in the China-Taiwan relations and other regional or global military conflicts, as any significant disruption caused by these or other geopolitical pressures could materially affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or customers in those regions of the world.