The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. The registrants face a heightened risk of cyberattack due to the critical nature of the infrastructure and the technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of, or inability to remotely access, one or more key technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will have the maturity to detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, including workforce needs associated with construction projects and ongoing operations. The southern company system's operations and business plans depend on the global supply chain to procure equipment, materials, and other resources. The delivery of components, materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to the southern company system's operations has been impacted by domestic and global supply chain disruptions. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in the generation of cash or income, the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, or the reduction of risk. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the subsidiary registrants. The consumption and use of energy are linked to economic activity, which is affected over time by changes in the economy, customer behaviors, and technologies. The registrants' planning processes may not accurately estimate and incorporate the effects of changes in customer behavior, state and federal programs, and technology. The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if a registrant is found to be noncompliant. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power. The registrants have processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. Compliance with existing environmental requirements involves significant capital and operating costs, including the settlement of asset retirement obligations, a major portion of which is expected to be recovered through retail and wholesale rates. The registrants are subject to significant competition for transactional opportunities and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. The registrants rely on access to both short-term and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity to meet capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. The registrants cannot provide any assurance that information security incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future.