We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our computer systems, hardware, technology infrastructure, online sites and related systems. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites for the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, our IT systems may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT systems and confidential information. The risk of a cyber incident has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks have increased globally, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, information service interruptions and cyber terrorists, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware, malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a result of bugs, misconfigurations or exploited vulnerabilities in software or hardware. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations. We also face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment and expansion of properties, which are subject to various risks, including the potential loss of anchor stores or major tenants, the inability to collect rent due to the bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants, and the inability to renew leases and relet vacant space at existing properties on favorable terms. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, motivate, retain and develop talented employees, and our failure to do so could adversely impact our business. The increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping, and the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to prevent its spread significantly increased the utilization of e-commerce. Our business currently is predominantly reliant on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and the bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. Our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites as well as other types of retail properties. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce, and the evolution of consumer preferences and purchasing habits. The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, including our CEO, who operate without the existence of employment agreements. Our ability to attract, motivate and retain talented employees, and develop talent internally, could significantly impact our future performance. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents, if at all. If we fail to identify and secure the right blend of tenants at our newly developed and existing properties that offer diversified categories and uses, such as retail, specialty entertainment, restaurants, and health and wellness, and that keep up with evolving customer preferences, our properties may not appeal to the communities they serve.