As a provider of telecommunications and technology services, we depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment and customer premises equipment, which are essential for our voice and data services. The costs of inputs for devices we sell and network components have increased, impacting our financial condition and results of operations. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience, which is expected to drive efficiencies and improved margins. We have been expanding our all-fiber wireline network to stem broadband subscriber losses to cable competitors and must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of data, including video and voice. We are entering into a significant number of software licensing agreements and working with software developers to provide network functions, which may require higher quality services and could create supply chain issues and increase capital costs. Our ongoing development and deployment of our 5G and fiber wireline networks are critical to our business transformation initiatives, which are designed to reduce costs, streamline and modernize distribution and customer service, and improve processes and support functions. We expect our growth to come from wireless and IP-based fiber broadband services, leveraging our strong fiber and wireless assets to offset declines in legacy business wireline products. The continuing growth in wireless and broadband services will require significant capital investment and ongoing access to spectrum to provide attractive services to customers. We face increasing competition for wireless customers, with multiple competitors in each service area competing based on service offerings, price, network quality, and customer service. Our ability to address these issues will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service, as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. We are also subject to significant federal and state regulation, which could further increase our operating costs and alter customer perceptions of our operations. The rapid pace of technological changes in the communications industry necessitates that we continually invest in our networks and adapt to evolving consumer demands. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as we mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to support business needs. The deployment of new technology may adversely affect the performance of the network for existing services, and we must ensure that our IT infrastructure can support our strategic initiatives, including digital transformation and the integration of wireless and fiber services. We expect that the software benefits of our 5G wireless technology will result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. Our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions will focus on enhancing our operational efficiency and maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.