The company and its suppliers face a wide array of cybersecurity risks, including risks of insider threats and third-party cybersecurity incidents, which could result in the loss of operational capabilities or the disclosure of confidential, proprietary, personal, and other sensitive information, adversely impacting the company's operations, financial condition, and prospects, as well as causing significant reputational damage and legal and financial exposure. The company's operating systems and infrastructure, as well as operational capabilities managed or supplied by third parties on whom we rely, could fail or be interrupted, compromised, or breached, disrupting the company's business and adversely impacting its operations, financial condition, and prospects. Truist is heavily reliant on technology, and a failure to effectively anticipate, develop, and implement new technology could harm the company. The company faces risks associated with the quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, regulatory, and compliance purposes. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including those related to artificial intelligence. Truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. The company's continued success depends, in part, upon its ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. A failure to maintain or enhance the company's competitive position with respect to technology may cause the company to lose market share or incur additional expense. The company relies on numerous third-party vendors and service providers to conduct aspects of its business operations and faces operational risks relating to them. Truist's cybersecurity framework is part of its enterprise-wide risk management framework and is designed to conform to the requirements and guidance from applicable regulatory authorities. The company maintains cybersecurity and information security policies, procedures, and technologies designed to address regulatory requirements and protect data against unauthorized disclosure, modification, and misuse. Truist's cybersecurity strategy is enabled by multilayered defenses, including capabilities designed for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. The company conducts scenario-driven test exercises simulating impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents as well as known and anticipated cyber threats. Truist's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, with established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the company is subject, including technology risk. The company's risk management framework is designed to promote the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. The company has established a risk taxonomy designed to drive internal risk measurement and monitoring and enable clear communication to stakeholders regarding the level of potential risk faced by the company. The company is committed to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization, with all teammates responsible for upholding the company's purpose, mission, and values.