Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. The retail industry's continuing migration to digital channels and multiple fulfillment options for consumers has affected the ways we differentiate from other retailers. Providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests' expectations. We must anticipate and adapt to developments and offerings by other retailers. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, successfully implementing new technologies and capabilities emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, and effectively managing our inventory levels. We have made significant investments in technology and supply chain infrastructure, and the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores. Our stores-as-hubs strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. A significant disruption to our technology systems and our failure to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on technology systems throughout our business, and these systems are subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power outages, telecommunications failures, and security breaches. Any damage or disruption to our technology systems could severely interrupt our business operations, including our ability to process guest transactions and manage inventories. We regularly receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties, and we rely extensively on information systems throughout our business. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy incidents. However, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures as cyber threats continue to evolve. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory, and we continue to experience elevated levels of inventory shrink relative to historical levels. We have undertaken an enterprise-wide initiative to simplify and gain efficiencies across our business, with a focus on reducing complexities and lowering costs. We cannot guarantee that we will realize all of the potential cost savings from this initiative. Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target, which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. Our business is subject to a wide variety of complex laws and regulations, and our expenses could increase and our operations could be adversely affected by changes in law or adverse judicial developments. We have established various goals and initiatives regarding environmental, social, and governance matters, and any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve these goals could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Our reliance on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, and payment processing, means that if we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations, our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected.