If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain or protect the integrity of our data and information systems, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions, penalties, investigations or audits; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. We depend on the integrity of the data in our information systems to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and accurately report our results of operations. In addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices and new tools and products that leverage AI/ML to improve the customer experience. Our ability to protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with changes in information processing technology (including AI/ML), regulatory standards and changing customer preferences will require an ongoing commitment of significant development and operational resources. If these commitments fail to provide the anticipated benefits, if we are unable to successfully anticipate future technology developments, or if the cost to keep pace with the technological changes exceed our estimates, we could be exposed to reputational harm and experience adverse effects on our business. We may not successfully implement our initiatives to consolidate the number of systems we operate, upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities, integrate and enhance our systems and develop new systems to keep pace with recent regulations and changes in information processing technology. Failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs. Our businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, among both our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase our profitability. In addition, our success in the health care marketplace and future growth depends on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive and risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. Our ability to leverage technology capabilities effectively is crucial for maintaining a competitive advantage and ensuring operational efficiency across our business processes.