We rely on information technology networks and systems and other operational technologies, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, as well as certain technology systems from third-party vendors to operate our business. We utilize these technologies to receive package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, to move and track packages through our operations, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also rely on IT systems to manage their business processes and activities. IT and other systems have been and will continue to be susceptible to damage, disruptions, and shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, misconfigurations, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, encryption caused by ransomware or malware attacks, exfiltration of data, and other catastrophic events. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in IT security initiatives, IT risk management, and disaster recovery capabilities. The costs and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex, and sophisticated cyber threats and regulatory requirements. We also may not discover the occurrence of any cybersecurity incidents for a significant period after they occur. We maintain significant physical operations, and increases in operational security requirements impose substantial costs on us. We rely on IT to support our business needs and enhance our operational efficiency. Our ability to control labor costs has been, and is expected to continue to be, subject to numerous factors, including labor-related contractual obligations, turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, inflation, unemployment levels, and healthcare and other benefit costs. Our actions or responses to negotiations, labor disputes, strikes, or work stoppages could negatively impact how our brand is perceived and our reputation, which may adversely affect our business, including our results of operations. We continue to focus on executing our strategy of customer first, people led, and innovation driven by making it quicker and easier for customers to do business with us. We continue to enhance customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities and to invest in the most attractive parts of the market, including healthcare, Asia trade lanes, and small- and medium-sized businesses. We opened our state-of-the-art fulfillment center and announced plans to build a new air hub, which are intended to allow us to reach new markets and customers and better serve our current customer base. We expect global economic conditions to improve gradually, which will likely enhance our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. Our strategic initiatives include exploring alternatives for our truckload brokerage business and reducing headcount to create a more efficient operating model. Our technology initiatives are aimed at enhancing our digital capabilities and network automation. We expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $4.5 billion in 2024, with a significant portion allocated to network enhancement projects and other technology initiatives.