As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations, which could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules. The evolving regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services, the quality and types of products and services we offer, and our competitive positioning. Innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, but they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, including those related to privacy and data protection, which are critical for maintaining information reliability and security in our operations. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including increased proliferation of mobile and other proximity and in-app payment technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, and new authentication technologies. Failure to anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with these new technologies could harm our business and impact future growth. Our cybersecurity and processing systems, as well as those of financial institutions and merchants, have experienced and may continue to experience errors, interruptions, or damage from various causes, including cyber-attacks. We face increasing competition from clients and emerging payment providers, including fintechs and technology companies that have developed payment systems enabled through online activity. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic payments, and alternative payment providers, which may offer more effective or innovative solutions. The competitive landscape is shifting, and we may need to adjust our pricing or offer incentives to clients to increase payments volume and adapt to regulatory changes. Our ability to effectively manage our business and compete may be constrained by government-imposed obligations or restrictions on international payments systems. We depend on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties to maintain and expand the use and acceptance of our products. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships, particularly as emerging participants such as fintechs enter the payments industry. We have made significant investments in technology and innovation to enhance our capabilities, including a definitive agreement to acquire Pismo, a cloud-native issuer processing and core banking platform. The risks created by new laws, regulations, or regulatory outcomes in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. Our brand reputation is a key asset, and maintaining its value is crucial for our competitive advantage. We continuously monitor and manage balance sheet and operational risks from clients in our portfolio, including their settlement obligations, to ensure operational efficiency and effectiveness in our technology deployment.