We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. We collect, store, and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such information. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. While we have implemented security measures to minimize these risks and have adopted a business continuity plan, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches. Cyber-attacks are increasing in frequency and sophistication, and are often carried out by well-resourced and skilled parties. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security. The increasing use of cloud technologies heightens these operational risks, and any failure by cloud or other technology service providers to safeguard their systems could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of confidential information. We face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry, especially for employees with expertise in cell or genetic therapies. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical to our operations, and challenges in this area could adversely affect our business. Our strategy involves engaging in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We have engaged in a number of acquisitions and collaborations to enhance our research and development capabilities. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require additional investments in different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations that complement our ongoing research and development efforts. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the potential for adverse data from clinical trials. We have established systems and processes to comply with regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and compliance with these evolving rules may be challenging.