The rapid development of new technologies, services, and products has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet, and local and long-distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets, including other telecommunications companies, cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers, technology companies, and application and device providers. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network reliability, speed, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, and our capital resources. We expect the wireless industry's customer growth rate to moderate over time, leading to increased competition for customers. If we are unable to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy, and experience reduced profits. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that our c-band spectrum, together with our industry-leading millimeter wave spectrum holdings and our 4G LTE network and fiber infrastructure, will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. We remain focused on executing the fundamentals of the business: enhancing our networks, maintaining a high-quality customer base, and delivering strong financial and operating results. We expect that our ability to generate cash flows will benefit from our expected service revenue growth and our anticipated reduction in capital expenditures. Our ongoing c-band spectrum deployment is funded through our general capital expenditure program. We have been leading the development of 5G wireless technology industry standards and the ecosystems for fixed and mobile 5G wireless services. 5G technology enables higher throughput and lower latency than 4G LTE technology and allows our networks to handle more traffic as the number of internet-connected devices grows. We are densifying our networks by utilizing macro and small cell technology, in-building solutions, and distributed antenna systems. Network densification enables us to add capacity to address increasing mobile video consumption and the growing demand for IoT products and services on our 5G and 4G LTE networks. We believe that our high-quality networks and customer base differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to plan and manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. Our consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products, and our business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA broadband, data, video, and conferencing services, corporate networking solutions, security and managed network services. We expect future service revenue growth opportunities to arise from increased access revenue as customer demand for mobile and FWA 5G connectivity continues to expand and customers shift to higher access plans, driven in part by access to our high-quality network.