Our ability to implement our technology-led automation and optimization strategy and other improvements to operational efficiency may not yield the intended results. We are increasingly focused on our automation and optimization investments to enhance our operational efficiency and improve labor productivity for all lines of business. We have made significant investments in an extensive natural gas truck fleet, which makes us partially dependent on the availability of natural gas and fueling infrastructure and vulnerable to natural gas prices. We are continuing our multi-year commitment to strategic investments in technology that prioritize reduction of labor dependency for certain high-turnover jobs, further digitalize our customer self-service, and implement technologies to enhance the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our collection operations. We have also implemented a new general ledger accounting system, complementary finance enterprise resource planning system, and a human capital management system, which will continue to drive operational and service excellence by empowering our people through a modern, simplified, and connected employee experience. Our business depends on our reputation and the value of our brand, which symbolizes high-quality service, reliability, and social and environmental responsibility. We believe that our investment in technology will provide us with the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting our company and our industry. We are committed to enhancing our technology infrastructure to support our business strategy and operational needs. Our strategic focus on investing in our people and our digital platform will give us the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting our company and our industry. We are also investing in technology that will enhance our customers' experience and provide operating efficiencies intended to reduce our cost to serve. We are focused on our pricing efforts, as well as operating efficiencies and cost controls, to maintain our earnings and cash flow and facilitate growth. Our operations require us to attract, hire, develop, and retain a high-quality workforce to provide a superior customer experience, which includes key individuals in leadership and specialty roles, as well as a very large number of drivers, technicians, and other front-line and back-office team members necessary to provide our environmental services. The market for employees that serve on our digital team is highly competitive, and as we have accelerated our investments in our technology-led automation and optimization strategy, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain employees with the skills and expertise necessary to implement and manage these projects. We continue to invest in our people through paying a competitive market wage, investments in our digital platform, and training for our team members. We are also making significant planned and ongoing investments in our recycling processing and sales and renewable energy segments, which are intended to further our sustainability leadership position by increasing recycling volumes and growing renewable natural gas generation. Our ability to successfully execute our sustainability growth strategy may be impacted by the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our business and the environmental services industry, including financial and operating performance, availability of technology and financing, changes in regulation, commodity price fluctuation, and general economic conditions. We are increasingly dependent on technology in our operations, and if our technology fails, our business could be adversely affected. We may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, which could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved.