The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain or incorporate by reference statements related to anticipated financial performance, management's plans and objectives for future operations, and business strategy. Our ability to acquire new businesses and assets and successfully integrate those operations and assets into existing businesses is critical, as is our ability to effectively execute our financing plan. We face competition that may affect our ability to make strategic investments or acquisitions, and our competitors may respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies. We have experienced opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities, which can take many forms, including organized protests and attempts to block or sabotage our operations. Our growth strategy includes significant capital projects, and we have both a project lifecycle process and an investment evaluation process to identify, evaluate, and execute on acquisition opportunities and capital projects. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks, and our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. We rely on a limited number of customers and producers for a significant portion of our revenues and supply of natural gas and NGLs. Our ability to replace, extend, or add additional customer or supplier contracts on favorable terms is subject to various factors, including competition and regulatory changes. We have invested significant time, manpower, and capital in our information technology infrastructure, which is essential for processing, transmitting, and storing electronic information used to safely operate our assets. Our board of directors oversees the assessment of major risks inherent in our business, including cybersecurity risks, and reviews management's efforts to address and mitigate such risks. We regularly face cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. The breach of our information technology infrastructure could result in the disclosure of personal or proprietary information and harm our reputation. We also depend on third-party pipelines and other facilities for delivery options, and if these become unavailable, our revenues could be adversely affected. Our growth capital and investment expenditures are expected to be in a range from $1.45 billion to $1.75 billion, excluding acquisitions, and we remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that reduce emissions and meet legal, regulatory, and contractual commitments. Our financial position reflects the deferred consideration obligation for the RMM acquisition, and we ended the year with cash and cash equivalents reported on our consolidated balance sheet. We anticipate that our operating results will benefit from recent acquisitions and expansion projects, while also facing potential risks that could impact execution, including global economic conditions, opposition to infrastructure projects, counterparty credit risk, and unexpected changes in customer activities.