ExxonMobil's ability to operate efficiently, including managing expenses and improving production yields, is crucial for competitive performance, particularly in the commodity-based nature of its businesses. This requires continuous management focus, including technology integration and improvements, to enhance operational efficiency. The company's technology, research, and development organizations must successfully adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including continuous improvement in the efficiency of hydraulic fracturing technology and developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. ExxonMobil's future results and ability to grow its low carbon solutions business depend in part on the success of research and collaboration efforts and on the ability to adapt and apply the strengths of its current business model to provide energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. The company recognizes that technological change can alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas, and to manufacture petrochemicals. The effectiveness of project management expertise is vital to maximize efficiency in complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects. The company's operational efficiency also depends on its ability to integrate and achieve anticipated synergies from acquisitions, including the acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources Company. ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions, and its ability to manage cybersecurity risks is critical to protect proprietary data and maintain operational integrity. The company must continuously adapt and capture the benefits of new and emerging technologies, including advances in data processing capabilities. The management of external economic and political factors, as well as internal factors such as capital allocation into existing and new businesses, is essential for influencing performance relative to competition. The ability to recognize key signposts of changes in the global energy system on a timely basis and direct investment to technologies and businesses at the appropriate stage of development is crucial for capitalizing on competitive strengths. The success of ExxonMobil's strategy for the energy transition will depend on the continued development of supportive government policies and markets, as well as the company's ability to manage overall portfolio diversification among types and locations of projects. The company's operational efficiency is also linked to its rigorous management systems and continuous focus on minimizing risks associated with oil, gas, and petrochemical operations. The integration of technology into business processes is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring the reliability of operations in a rapidly changing market environment.