The Company acknowledges the importance of water stewardship through a formal water risk management program and collaborates with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to develop sustainability-related projects addressing local water needs. It warns that water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the Coca-Cola system’s costs and capacity, potentially requiring higher costs or capacity constraints and adaptation of operations. Likewise, the Company notes that increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity may limit key agricultural commodities and that joint efforts with bottlers, farmers, communities, suppliers and key partners through its increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture are critical to mitigate agricultural challenges and support food security. Recognizing evolving consumer preferences, it states that if it does not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, its business could suffer, prompting investments in innovation and a diversified product portfolio. To maintain resilience in the face of increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace, the Company emphasizes the need to strengthen its capabilities in marketing and innovation and to strategically expand into other product categories. Risk mitigation is pursued through derivative financial instruments to reduce net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and interest-rate risks, although it cautions these tools cannot assure full protection. It also relies on its bottling partners for a significant portion of its business and strives to provide an appropriate mix of incentives and share best practices throughout the bottling system to ensure alignment and operational continuity. The Company’s global productivity and reinvestment program targets billions in annualized productivity by streamlining and simplifying its operating model, global supply chain optimization, data and information technology systems standardization and operational excellence, with productivity reinvested in brand-building initiatives to support growth. The integration of acquired German bottling operations and the strategic refranchising of North American territories reflect reconfiguring trajectories toward the ensuing future and reallocation of resources to improve performance. Acknowledging potential disruptive events, the Company maintains business continuity plans to guard against information-system shutdowns or security breaches and retains self-insurance reserves to absorb losses from unforeseeable hazards. It also manages financial resilience through a combination of cash flows from operations, a commercial paper program, lines of credit and a balance of short-term and long-term debt, regularly reviewing its optimal mix to preserve financial flexibility. These strategies exemplify a multifaceted approach to preserve integrity and maintain performance under adversity.