item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides a narrative of the results of operations and financial condition of s&p global inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "s&p global," the "company," "we," "us" or "our") for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the md&a provides information on factors that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and comparability and certain other factors that may affect our future results. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap").
•overview
•liquidity and capital resources
•reconciliation of non-gaap financial information
•critical accounting estimates
•recent accounting standards certain of the statements below are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in addition, any projections of future results of operations and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. see forward-looking statements on page 4 of this report.
overview we are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, automotive and engineering markets. the capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the commodity markets include producers, traders and intermediaries within energy, petrochemicals, metals & steel and agriculture; the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships and service shops; and the engineering markets include engineers, builders, and architects.
during 2022, following the completion of our merger with ihs markit, we reorganized our reportable segments increasing from four reportable segments to six reportable segments consisting of: s&p global market intelligence ("market intelligence"), s&p global ratings ("ratings"), s&p global commodity insights ("commodity insights"), s&p global mobility ("mobility"), s&p dow jones indices ("indices") and s&p global engineering solutions ("engineering solutions"). the creation of the two additional segments in 2022 did not materially impact prior years' reportable segments.
•market intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions.
•ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research and analytics, offering investors and other market participants information, ratings and benchmarks.
•commodity insights is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets.
•mobility is a leading provider of solutions serving the full automotive value chain including vehicle manufacturers (oems), automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies.
•indices is a global index provider maintaining a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors.
•engineering solutions is a leading provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge.
table of contents on february 28, 2022, we completed the merger with ihs markit ltd ("ihs markit") by acquiring 100% of the ihs markit common stock that was issued and outstanding as of the date of acquisition, and as a result, ihs markit and its subsidiaries became wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries of s&p global, and the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022 include the financial results of ihs markit from the date of acquisition. the merger with ihs markit, a world leader in critical information, analytics, and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies, brings together two world-class organizations with leading brands and capabilities across information services that will be uniquely positioned to serve, facilitate and power the markets of the future.
on january 14, 2023, we entered into a securities and asset purchase agreement with allium buyer llc, a delaware limited liability company controlled by funds affiliated with kohlberg kravis roberts & co. l.p. ("kkr") to sell our engineering solutions business for $975 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. we currently anticipate the divestiture to result in after-tax proceeds of approximately $750 million, which proceeds are expected to be used for share repurchases. the agreement follows our announced intent in november of 2022 to divest the business. engineering solutions became part of the company following our merger with ihs markit. the transaction, which is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals and satisfying other customary closing conditions, is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2023.
(in millions)                                                                                    year ended december 31,                                     % change operating profit                                      $4,944                      $4,221                      $3,617                   17%                        17%
1    % changes in the tables throughout the md&a are calculated off of the actual number, not the rounded number presented.
2    operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2022 includes a gain on dispositions of $1.9 billion, ihs markit merger costs of $619 million, employee severance charges of $289 million, a s&p foundation grant of $200 million, disposition-related costs of $24 million, a gain on acquisition of $10 million, an asset impairment of $9 million, lease impairments of $5 million, legal costs of $5 million, an asset write-off of $4 million and an acquisition-related benefit of $4 million. 2021 includes ihs markit merger costs of $249 million, employee severance charges of $19 million, gain on dispositions of $11 million, a lease impairment of $3 million, kensho retention related expense of $2 million, acquisition-related costs of $4 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $2 million. 2020 includes lease impairments of $120 million, employee severance charges of $66 million, ihs markit merger costs of $24 million, a gain on dispositions $16 million, a technology-related impairment charge of $12 million, lease-related costs of $11 million and kensho retention related expense of $11 million. 2022, 2021 and 2020 also includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $905 million, $96 million and $123 million, respectively.
revenue increased 35% primarily due to the impact of the merger with ihs markit; subscription revenue growth for certain desktop products, ratingsxpress®, ratingsdirect®, and certain data feed products within data & advisory solutions at market intelligence; continued demand for market data and market insights products and higher conference revenue at commodity insights; higher exchange-traded derivative revenue, higher average levels of assets under management for mutual funds and higher data subscription revenue at indices. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in revenue at ratings due to lower corporate bond ratings revenue driven by a decrease in high-yield and investment-grade issuance volumes, lower bank loan ratings revenue and a decrease in structured finance revenue. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points.
operating profit increased 17%. excluding the favorable impact of a higher gain on dispositions of 57 percentage points, partially offset by the impact of higher ihs markit merger costs in 2022 of 11 percentage points, a s&p foundation grant in 2022 of 6 percentage points, higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2022 of 26 percentage points and higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 8 percentage points and disposition-related costs of 1 percentage point, operating profit table of contents increased 12%. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth, lower incentive costs and lower occupancy costs from reduced real estate footprint, partially offset by expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit, an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit and promotion increases, the resumption of business travel from the lifting of covid restrictions, higher outside services expenses and an increase in technology expenses. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
revenue increased 11% with an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point from the net impact of recent acquisitions and dispositions, driven by increases at all of our reportable segments. revenue growth at ratings was driven by an increase in both transaction revenue and non-transaction revenue. transaction revenue increased due to higher bank loan ratings revenue and structured finance revenue. non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in surveillance, entity credit ratings, an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary and higher ratings evaluation service ("res") revenue. revenue growth at market intelligence was driven by subscription revenue growth in market intelligence desktop products, credit risk solutions and data management solutions. revenue growth at indices was due to higher average levels of assets under management for exchange traded funds ("etfs") and mutual funds and higher data subscription revenue, partially offset by lower exchange-traded derivative revenue. the revenue increase at platts was primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products. foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 17%, with a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point. excluding the unfavorable impact of ihs markit merger costs in 2021 of 31 percentage points, partially offset by higher lease impairment charges in 2020 of 16 percentage points, higher employee severance charges in 2020 of 7 percentage points, higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2020 of 4 percentage points and higher technology-related impairment charges in 2020 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 15%. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth at all of our reportable segments combined with a decrease in occupancy costs, partially offset by higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit increases.
our strategy we are a provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, automotive and engineering markets. our purpose is to accelerate progress. we seek to deliver on this purpose in line with our core values of discovery, partnership and integrity.
in 2018, we announced the launch of powering the markets of the future to provide a framework for our forward-looking business strategy. through this framework, we seek to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. in 2023, we are striving to deliver on our strategic priorities in the following key areas:
•meeting or exceeding our organic revenue growth and ebita margin targets;
•realizing our merger/integration commitments - cost and revenue synergy targets; and
•driving growth and superior shareholder returns through effective execution, active portfolio management and prudent capital allocation.
customer at the core
•enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with a focus on ease of discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our products and services and integrated capabilities; and
•continuing to invest in customer facing solutions and processes.
•continuing to fund and accelerate key growth areas and transformational adjacencies;
•exercising disciplined organic capital allocation, inorganic and partnership strategies; and table of contents
•growing the value of s&p global's brand through an integrated marketing and communication strategy; driving awareness and consideration across the product offering.
data and technology
•efficient integration, accessibility and governance of enterprise data assets, with initial focus on sustainability data, data science and enterprise-wide data management through the formation of a data council to drive enterprise value creation;
•advancing transition to optimize tech spend practice i.e., shifting the balance towards funding higher growth innovation, establishing key spend benchmarks and 3-year transition plan; and
•continuing momentum in transitioning all products and services to a cloud-based ecosystem while implementing technologies that align to our customer needs and unlock new opportunities.
•continuing to improve diverse representation through hiring, advancement and retention, while continuing to raise awareness through diversity, equity, and inclusion education; and
•ensuring our people are engaged with a particular focus on learning, development and career opportunities, and continue to embed our purpose and values throughout the company.
•driving continuous commitment to risk management, compliance, and control across s&p global; and there can be no assurance that we will achieve success in implementing any one or more of these strategies as a variety of factors could unfavorably impact operating results, including prolonged difficulties in the global credit markets and a change in the regulatory environment affecting our businesses. see item 1a, risk factors in this annual report on form 10-k.
further projections and discussion on our 2023 outlook for our segments can be found within " - results of operations".
table of contents results of operations consolidated review
(in millions)                                                                                                   year ended december 31,                                     % change gain on dispositions                                                (1,898)                        (11)                        (16)                   n/m                      (30)%
equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries                        (27)                           -                           -                   n/m                        n/m operating profit                                                      4,944                       4,221                       3,617                   17%                        17%
loss on extinguishment of debt                                            8                           -                         279                   n/m                        n/m provision for taxes on income                                         1,180                         901                         694                   31%                        30%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             (274)                       (239)                       (195)                 (15)%                      (22)%
n/m- represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful table of contents revenue
(in millions)                                                                              year ended december 31,                                     % change non-subscription / transaction revenue           1,807                       2,320                       2,030                 (22)%                        14%
non-transaction revenue                          1,640                       1,698                       1,500                  (3)%                        13%
non-subscription / transaction revenue              16   %                      28   %                      27   %
non-transaction revenue                             15   %                      20   %                      20   %
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful table of contents revenue increased 35% as compared to 2021. subscription revenue increased primarily due to the impact of the merger with ihs markit. subscription revenue growth in desktop products, credit & risk solutions and data & advisory solutions at market intelligence, continued demand for commodity insights market data and market insights products and higher data subscription revenue at indices also contributed to the increase. non-subscription / transaction revenue decreased due to a decrease in corporate bond ratings revenue, bank loan ratings revenue and structured finance revenue at ratings, partially offset by the impact of the merger with ihs markit and an increase in conference revenue at commodity insights. non-transaction revenue decreased primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, a decrease in entity credit ratings revenue and lower res revenue, partially offset by an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary and an increase in surveillance revenue at ratings. asset linked fees increased primarily due to higher average levels of assets under management for mutual funds at indices. the increase in sales-usage based royalties was primarily driven by higher exchange-traded derivative revenue at indices. recurring variable revenue at market intelligence represents revenue from contracts for services that specify a fee based on, among other factors, the number of trades processed, assets under management, or the number of positions valued. see "segment review" below for further information.
the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by 2 percentage points. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year.
revenue increased 11% as compared to 2020. subscription revenue increased primarily from growth in market intelligence's average contract values and continued demand for commodity insights market data and market insights products. higher data subscription revenue at indices also contributed to subscription revenue growth. non-subscription / transaction revenue increased due to an increase in bank loan ratings revenue and higher structured finance revenue at ratings. non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in surveillance, entity credit ratings, an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary and higher res revenue at ratings. asset linked fees increased reflecting higher average levels of assets under management for etfs and mutual funds at indices. the decrease in sales usage-based royalties was primarily driven by lower exchange-traded derivative revenue at indices. see "segment review" below for further information.
the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates increased revenue by less than 1 percentage point. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year.
total expenses the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021:
(in millions)                                                                            2022                                                              2021   % change operating-                      selling and                       operating-                      selling and   operating-                       selling and related expenses                 general expenses                 related expenses                 general expenses   related expenses                 general expenses market intelligence                           $1,677                             $983                             $922                             $499           82%                              97%
commodity insights                               513                              466                              214                              242           n/m                              93%
mobility 4                                       296                              385                                -                                -           n/m                              n/m indices 5                                        207                              218                              173                              168           20%                              30%
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1    in 2022, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $90 million, ihs markit merger costs of $35 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million. in 2021, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $3 million, acquisition-related costs of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million.
2 in 2022, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $24 million, legal costs of $5 million and an asset write-off of $1 million. in 2021, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $3 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $4 million.
3  in 2022, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $45 million and ihs markit merger costs of $26 million. in 2021, selling and general expenses include recovery of lease-related costs of $2 million.
4 in 2022, selling and general expenses include acquisition-related benefit of $14 million, employee severance charges of $4 million and ihs markit merger costs of $3 million.
5 in 2022, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $14 million and ihs markit merger costs of $2 million. in 2021, selling and general expenses include recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million.
7 intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to market intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by ratings.
8    in 2022, selling and general expenses include ihs markit merger costs of $553 million, a s&p foundation grant of $200 million, employee severance charges of $107 million, an asset impairment of $9 million, a gain on acquisition of $10 million, acquisition-related costs of $8 million, disposition-related costs of $24 million, lease impairments of $5 million and an asset write-off of $3 million. in 2021, selling and general expenses include ihs markit merger costs of $249 million, employee severance charges of $13 million, lease-related costs of $4 million, a lease impairment of $3 million, kensho retention related expenses of $2 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased 72% as compared to 2021, primarily driven by expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit and higher compensation costs, partially offset by lower incentive costs.
intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to market intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by ratings.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses increased 97%. excluding the unfavorable impact of higher ihs markit merger costs in 2022 of 18 percentage points, a s&p foundation grant of 10 percentage points and higher employee severance charges of 13 percentage points, selling and general expenses increased 56%. the increase was primarily driven by expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit and higher compensation costs, partially offset by lower incentive costs.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization was $1,013 million in 2022 compared to $178 million in 2021, primarily due to higher intangible asset amortization driven by the impact of the merger with ihs markit.
the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
(in millions)                                                                         2021                                                              2020                                                 % change operating-                      selling and                       operating-                      selling and              operating-                      selling and related expenses                 general expenses                 related expenses                 general expenses        related expenses                 general expenses market intelligence                          $922                             $499                             $905                             $483                              2%                               3%
commodity insights                            214                              242                              196                              247                              9%                             (2)%
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1    in 2021, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $3 million, acquisition-related costs of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million. in 2020, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $27 million and lease-related costs of $3 million.
2 in 2021, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $3 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $4 million. in 2020, selling and general expenses include a technology-related impairment charge of $11 million, lease-related costs of $5 million and employee severance charges of $4 million.
3  in 2021, selling and general expenses include recovery of lease-related costs of $2 million. in 2020, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $11 million and lease-related costs of $2 million.
4  in 2021, selling and general expenses include recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million. in 2020, selling and general expenses include employee severance charges of $5 million, a lease impairment charge of $4 million, a technology-related impairment charge of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million.
5 intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to market intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by ratings.
6    in 2021, selling and general expenses include ihs markit merger costs of $249 million, employee severance charges of $13 million, lease-related costs of $4 million, a lease impairment of $3 million, kensho retention related expenses of $2 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million. in 2020, selling and general expenses include lease impairments of $116 million, ihs markit merger costs of $24 million, employee severance charges of $19 million, kensho retention related expense of $12 million and a gain related to an acquisition of $1 million.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased by 5% as compared to 2020. increases at ratings, indices and commodity insights were primarily driven by higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs due to additional headcount and annual merit increases. the increase at market intelligence was primarily due to an increase in intersegment royalties tied to annualized contract value growth and higher incentive costs.
intersegment eliminations primarily relate to a royalty charged to market intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by ratings.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses increased 11%. excluding the unfavorable impact of ihs markit merger costs in 2021 of 2 percentage points, offset by higher lease impairments in 2020 of 1 percentage point, higher employee severance charges in 2020 of less than 1 percentage point and higher lease-related costs in 2020 of less than 1 percentage point, selling and general expenses increased 11%. increases at ratings, commodity insights and indices were primarily driven by higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs due to additional headcount and annual merit increases. the increase at market intelligence was primarily due to an increase in technology costs and higher incentive costs, partially offset by a decrease in compensation costs due to reduced headcount. these increases were partially offset by lower occupancy costs and a decrease in legal related costs at indices.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization decreased $28 million, or 13%, compared to 2020 primarily due to a decrease in intangible asset amortization related to assets that became fully amortized, partially offset by an increase in amortization expense driven by the acquisitions of robecosam and greenwich associates llc in january 2020 and february 2020, respectively.
gain on dispositions during the year ended december 31, 2022, we completed the following dispositions that resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1.9 billion, which was included in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statement of income:
•in june of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of leveraged commentary and data ("lcd") along with a related family of leveraged loan indices, within our market intelligence and indices segments, respectively, to morningstar for a purchase price of $600 million in cash, subject to customary adjustments, and a contingent payment of up to $50 million which is payable six months following the closing upon the achievement of certain conditions related to the transition of lcd customer relationships. the contingent payment is expected to be received in the first quarter of 2023. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $505 million ($378 million after tax) for the sale of lcd. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $52 million ($43 million after-tax) for the sale of a family of leveraged loan indices in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income.
•in june of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of the base chemicals business to news corp for $295 million in cash. we did not recognize a gain on the sale of the base chemicals business.
•in march of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of cusip global services ("cgs"), a business within our market intelligence segment, to factset research systems inc. for a purchase price of $1.925 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $1.342 billion ($1.005 billion after tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of cgs.
•in february of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of opis to news corp for $1.150 billion in cash. we did not recognize a gain on the sale of opis.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we completed the following dispositions that resulted in a pre-tax gain of $11 million, which was included in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income:
•during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $8 million ($6 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of office facilities in india.
•during the year ended december 31, 2021, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $3 million ($3 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of standard & poor's investment advisory services llc ("spias"), a business within our market intelligence segment, that occurred in july of 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we completed the following dispositions that resulted in a pre-tax gain of $16 million, which was included in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income:
•in january of 2020, market intelligence entered into a strategic alliance to transition s&p global market intelligence's investor relations ("ir") webhosting business to q4 inc. ("q4"). this alliance integrated market intelligence's proprietary data into q4's portfolio of solutions, enabling further opportunities for commercial collaboration. in connection with transitioning its ir webhosting business to q4, market intelligence received a minority investment in q4. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $11 million ($6 million after-tax), respectively, in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of ir.
•in september of 2020, we sold our facility at east windsor, new jersey. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $4 million ($3 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of east windsor.
•during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $1 million ($1 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of spias, a business within our market intelligence segment, in july of 2019.
operating profit we consider operating profit to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance and we evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments in which we operate.
we internally manage our operations by reference to operating profit with economic resources allocated primarily based on each segment's contribution to operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as operating profit before corporate unallocated expense and equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries. segment operating profit is not, however, a measure of financial performance under u.s. gaap, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner.
table of contents the table below reconciles segment operating profit to total operating profit:
(in millions)                                                                                                   year ended december 31,   % change market intelligence                                      $2,488                        $676                        $569                   n/m                                    19%
commodity insights                                          591                         544                         478                   9%                                     14%
mobility                                                    213                           -                           -                   n/m                                    n/m indices                                                     927                         798                         666                   16%                                    20%
engineering solutions                                        15                           -                           -                   n/m                                    n/m total segment operating profit                            5,906                       4,647                       3,936                   27%                                    18%
equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries              27                           -                           -                   n/m                                    n/m total operating profit                                   $4,944                      $4,221                      $3,617                   17%                                    17%
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1    2022 includes a gain on disposition of $1.8 billion, employee severance charges of $90 million, ihs markit merger costs of $35 million and acquisition-related costs of $2 million. 2021 includes acquisition-related costs of $2 million. 2021 and 2020 include employee severance charges of $3 million and $27 million, respectively, a gain on dispositions of $3 million and $12 million, respectively, and lease-related costs of $1 million and $3 million, respectively. 2022, 2021, and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $474 million, $65 million and $76 million, respectively.
2 2022 includes employee severance charges of $24 million, legal costs of $5 million and an asset write-off of $1 million. 2021 includes a gain on disposition of $6 million, employee severance charges of $3 million and recovery of lease-related costs of $4 million. 2020 includes a technology-related impairment charge of $11 million, lease-related costs of $5 million and employee severance charges of $4 million. 2022, 2021, and 2020, include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $7 million, $10 million and $7 million, respectively.
3 2022 includes employee severance charges of $45 million and ihs markit merger costs of $26 million. 2021 includes recovery of lease-related costs of $2 million. 2020 includes employee severance charges of $11 million and lease-related costs of $2 million. 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $111 million, $8 million, and $9 million.
4 2022 includes an acquisition-related benefit of $14 million, employee severance charges of $4 million, ihs markit merger costs of $3 million and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $241 million.
5    2022 includes a gain on disposition of $52 million, employee severance charges of $14 million and ihs markit merger costs of $2 million. 2021 includes recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million. 2020 includes employee severance charges of $5 million, a lease impairment charge of $4 million, a technology-related impairment charge of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million. 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $31 million, $6 million and $6 million, respectively.
6 2022 includes employee severance charges of 4 million and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $35 million.
7 2022 includes ihs markit merger costs of $553 million, a s&p foundation grant of $200 million, employee severance charges of $107 million, a gain on acquisition of $10 million, an asset impairment of $9 million, acquisition-related costs of $8 million, disposition-related costs of $24 million, lease impairments of $5 million and an asset write-off of $3 million. 2021 and 2020 includes ihs markit merger costs of $249 million and $24 million, respectively. 2021 and 2020 include employee severance charges of $13 million and $19 million, respectively, lease impairments of $3 million and $116 million, respectively, and kensho retention related expenses of $2 million, and $12 million, respectively. 2021 includes lease-related costs of $4 million, acquisition-related costs of $2 million and a gain on disposition of $2 million. 2020 includes a gain related to an acquisition of $1 million. additionally, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $4 million, $7 million, and $26 million.
8 2022 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $55 million.
segment operating profit - increased 27% as compared to 2021. excluding the favorable impact of a higher gain on dispositions in 2022 of 41 percentage points, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2022 of 18 percentage points, higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 4 percentage points and ihs markit merger related costs in 2022 of 1 percentage point, segment operating profit increased 9%. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth primarily due to the impact of the merger with ihs markit, lower incentive costs and lower occupancy costs from reduced real estate footprint, partially offset by a decrease in revenue at ratings, expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit, an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit and promotion increases, the resumption of business travel from the lifting of covid restrictions and an increase in technology expenses. see "segment review" below for further information.
table of contents corporate unallocated expense - corporate unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and kensho, included in selling and general expenses. corporate unallocated expense increased 132% compared to 2021. excluding higher ihs markit merger costs in 2022 of 85 percentage points, a s&p foundation grant in 2022 of 56 percentage points, higher employee severance charges in 2022 of 26 percentage points, disposition-related costs in 2022 of 7 percentage points, an asset impairment in 2022 of 2 percentage points and higher acquisition-related costs in 2022 of 1 percentage point, partially offset by a gain on acquisition in 2022 of 3 percentage points and lower amortization of intangibles from acquisitions in 2022 of 1 percentage point, corporate unallocated expense decreased 41% primarily due to cost synergies and lower incentive costs.
equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries- the company holds an investment in a 50/50 joint venture arrangement with shared control with cme group that combined each of the company's post-trade services into a new joint venture, osttra. the joint venture provides trade processing and risk mitigation operations and incorporates cme group's optimization businesses (traiana, trioptima, and reset) and the company's markitserv business. the combination is intended to increase operating efficiencies of both the company's business to more effectively service clients with enhanced platforms and services for otc markets across interest rate, fx, equity, and credit asset classes. equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries includes the osttra joint venture acquired in connection with the merger with ihs markit. equity in income on unconsolidated subsidiaries was $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on operating profit of less than 1 percentage point. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. constant currency impacts are estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual businesses functional currency.
segment operating profit - increased $711 million or 18% as compared to 2020. excluding the impact of higher employee severance charges in 2020 of 2 percentage points and higher lease-related costs of 1 percentage point in 2020, segment operating profit increased 15%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue at all of our reportable segments combined with a decrease in occupancy costs, partially offset by higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit increases. see "segment review" below for further information.
corporate unallocated expense- corporate unallocated expense includes costs for corporate functions, select initiatives, unoccupied office space and kensho, included in selling and general expenses. corporate unallocated expense increased 33% compared to 2020. excluding the unfavorable impact of ihs markit merger costs in 2021 of 45 percentage points, higher lease-related costs in 2021 of 1 percentage point and higher acquisition-related costs in 2021 of 1 percentage point, partially offset by higher lease impairments in 2020 of 23 percentage points, higher amortization of intangibles in 2020 of 4 percentage points, higher kensho retention related expense in 2020 of 2 percentage points and higher employee severance charges in 2020 of 1 percentage point, corporate unallocated expense increased 16% primarily due to higher incentive costs.
foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact on operating profit of 1 percentage point. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. constant currency impacts are estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual businesses functional currency.
other income, net other income, net primarily includes the net periodic benefit cost for our retirement and post retirement plans. other income, net for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $70 million, $62 million, $31 million respectively. during 2022 and 2020, lump sum withdrawals exceeded the combined total anticipated annual service and interest cost of our u.k. pension plan, triggering the recognition of a non-cash pre-tax settlement charges of $13 million and $3 million, respectively. excluding these pre-tax settlement charges, other income, net was $83 million, $62 million, and $34 million for 2022, 2021, 2020, respectively. the increase in other income, net in 2022 compared to 2021 and in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a higher gain on investments.
table of contents interest expense, net net interest expense for 2022 increased $185 million compared to 2021 primarily due to higher debt balances. net interest expense for 2021 decreased $22 million or 16% compared to 2020, primarily due to lower interest expense resulting from the refinancing of a series of our senior notes in august of 2020. see note 4 - debt to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2022, we recognized an $8 million loss on extinguishment of debt which includes a tender premium paid to tendering note holders in accordance with the terms of the tender offer of $142 million, partially offset by a $134 million non-cash write-off related to the fair market value step up premium on extinguished debt. 2020 includes $279 million related to the redemption fee on the early retirement of our 4.4% senior notes due in 2026 and a portion of the 6.55% senior notes due in 2037 and 4.5% senior notes due in 2048 in the third quarter of 2020.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate was 25.1%, 21.6% and 21.5% for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in 2022 was primarily due to the tax charge on merger related divestitures. the increase in 2021 was primarily due to a change in the mix of income by jurisdiction.
segment review market intelligence market intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. market intelligence's portfolio of capabilities are designed to help trading and investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations and manage credit risk.
in june of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of leveraged commentary and data ("lcd"), a business within our market intelligence segment, to morningstar. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $505 million ($378 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income for the sale of lcd.
in march of 2022, we completed the previously announced sale of cusip global services ("cgs"), a business within our market intelligence segment, to factset research systems inc. for a purchase price of $1.925 billion in cash, subject to customary adjustments. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $1.342 billion ($1.005 billion after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income related to the sale of cgs.
in january of 2020, market intelligence entered into a strategic alliance to transition s&p global market intelligence's investor relations ("ir") webhosting business to q4 inc. ("q4"), a third party provider of investor relations related services. this alliance integrated market intelligence's proprietary data into q4's portfolio of solutions, enabling further opportunities for commercial collaboration. in connection with transitioning its ir webhosting business to q4, market intelligence received a minority investment in q4. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $11 million ($6 million after-tax) in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of ir.
during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $3 million ($3 million after-tax) and $1 million ($1 million after-tax), respectively, in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statement of income related to the sale of standard & poor's investment advisory services llc ("spias"), a business within our market intelligence segment, that occurred in july of 2019.
see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion including information on the merger with ihs markit.
market intelligence includes the following business lines:
•desktop - a product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance and corporate table of contents professionals, which includes the capital iq platforms (which are inclusive of s&p capital iq pro, capital iq, office and mobile products);
•data & advisory solutions - a broad range of research, reference data, market data, derived analytics and valuation services covering both the public and private capital markets, delivered through flexible feed-based or api delivery mechanisms. this also includes issuer solutions for public companies, a range of products for the maritime & trade market, data and insight into financial institutions, the telecoms, technology and media space as well as esg and supply chain data analytics;
•enterprise solutions - software and workflow solutions that help our customers manage and analyze data; identify risk; reduce costs; and meet global regulatory requirements. the portfolio includes industry leading financial technology solutions like wall street office, enterprise data manager, information mosaic, and ilevel. our global markets group offering delivers bookbuilding platforms across multiple assets including municipal bonds, equities and fixed income; and
•credit & risk solutions - commercial arm that sells ratings' credit ratings and related data and research, advanced analytics, and financial risk solutions which includes subscription-based offerings, ratingsxpress®, ratingsdirect® and credit analytics.
subscription revenue at market intelligence is primarily derived from distribution of data, valuation services, analytics, third party research, and credit ratings-related information through both feed and web-based channels. subscription revenue also includes software and hosted product offerings which provide maintenance and continuous access to our platforms over the contract term. recurring variable revenue at market intelligence represents revenue from contracts for services that specify a fee based on, among other factors, the number of trades processed, assets under management, or the number of positions valued. non-subscription revenue at market intelligence is primarily related to certain advisory, pricing conferences and events, and analytical services.
the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                           year ended december 31,                                              % change operating profit 1                           $2,488                        $676                        $569                            n/m                   19     %
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful note - in the first quarter of 2022, the market intelligence commodities business was transferred to the commodity insights segment and prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current presentation.
12022 includes a gain on dispositions of $1.8 billion, employee severance charges of $90 million, ihs markit merger costs of $35 million, and acquisition-related costs of $2 million. 2021 includes employee severance charges of $3 million, a gain on disposition of $3 million, table of contents acquisition-related costs of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million. 2020 includes employee severance charges of $27 million, a gain on dispositions of $12 million and lease-related costs of $3 million. 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $474 million, $65 million and $76 million, respectively.
revenue increased 74% primarily due to the impact of the merger with ihs markit. subscription revenue growth for certain market intelligence desktop products, ratingsxpress®, ratingsdirect®, and certain data feed products within data and advisory solutions also contributed to revenue growth. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points.
operating profit increased 268%. excluding the impact of a gain on dispositions of 282 percentage points, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles of 63 percentage points, employee severance charges in 2022 of 13 percentage points and ihs markit merger costs in 2022 of 5 percentage points, operating profit increased 67% primarily due to revenue growth and lower incentive costs, partially offset by expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit, an increase in technology expenses and higher compensation costs. foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 4 percentage points.
revenue increased 7% driven by subscription revenue growth for ratingsxpress®, ratingsdirect®, certain market intelligence desktop products, and certain data feed products within data and advisory solutions. both u.s. revenue and international revenue increased compared to 2021. foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 19%, with an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates of less than 1 percentage point. excluding the impact from higher employee severance charges in 2020 of 6 percentage points and higher amortization of intangibles in 2020 of 3 percentage points, partially offset by the impact of a higher gain on the dispositions in 2020 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 12%. the impact of revenue growth and lower compensation costs due to reduced headcount was partially offset by an increase in cost of sales and intersegment royalties tied to annualized contract value growth, increased technology costs and higher incentive costs.
industry highlights and outlook market intelligence continues to focus on developing key product offerings in growth areas such a environmental, social and governance ("esg") and growing new products and product features by leveraging technology investments. product launches and innovation continued at market intelligence in 2022 with the introduction of several new esg related products and new products and product features leveraging technology investments.
legal and regulatory environment the market for data, analytical capabilities and research services is intensely competitive, ranging from established firms to market disruptors. market intelligence competes domestically and internationally based on a number of factors, including the quality and range of its data, analytical capabilities, research services, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, and technological innovation.
market intelligence is subject to global regulation, particularly in the european union, the u.k. and the u.s. several laws and regulations in the european union, the u.k. and the u.s. have been adopted but not yet implemented, or have been proposed or are being considered, to which market intelligence, or its clients, will or may become subject, including laws and regulations related to pricing providers, sustainability, credit rating data, data privacy and cyber security. for example, the eu passed the digital operational resilience act in december 2022 ("dora"), which is expected to take effect by the end of january 2025. dora will impose operational resilience and cyber security standards and obligations, including technical and organizational standards and responsibilities which may require technology and/or organizational investment, upon (i) many market intelligence financial market clients, who may look to pass such obligations onto vendors like market intelligence, and (ii) information and communications technology providers designated by the eu as "critical third party providers," which may, or may not, include market intelligence. in addition, the u.k. financial conduct authority has announced that it will conduct a market study into how competition is working in the markets for credit rating data and market data generally, which is expected to commence at the start of 2023.
at this time, the impact on market intelligence of any such recently adopted or proposed laws or regulations, or market studies, remains uncertain, but they could increase the regulatory exposure of market intelligence or the costs and legal risks relating to market intelligence's activities, adversely affect the ability of market intelligence to provide its products and services, or result table of contents in changes in the demand for its products and services. if market intelligence fails to comply with any such laws or regulations, it could be subject to significant litigation, civil or criminal penalties, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines. regulatory developments may also present commercial opportunities to market intelligence to develop further or different services to enable better compliance by its clients.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our market intelligence business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our market intelligence business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
ratings ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics, offering investors and other market participants information, ratings and benchmarks. credit ratings are one of several tools investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. they are opinions about credit risk and our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issue may default.
ratings disaggregates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with:
non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics at crisil. non-transaction revenue also includes an intersegment royalty charged to market intelligence for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by ratings. royalty revenue for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $143 million, $136 million and $128 million, respectively.
the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                        year ended december 31,                                     % change transaction revenue                       $1,241                      $2,253                      $1,969            (45)     %                   14     %
non-transaction revenue                   $1,809                      $1,844                      $1,637             (2)     %                   13     %
transaction revenue                           41   %                      55   %                      55   %
non-transaction revenue                       59   %                      45   %                      45   %
operating profit 1                        $1,672                      $2,629                      $2,223            (36)     %                   18     %
12022 includes employee severance charges of $24 million, legal costs of $5 million and an asset write-off of $1 million. 2021 includes a gain on disposition of $6 million, recovery of lease-related costs of $4 million, and employee severance charges of $3 million. 2020 includes a technology-related impairment charge of $11 million, lease-related costs of $5 million and employee severance charges of $4 million. 2022, 2021 and 2020 include amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $7 million, $10 million and $7 million, respectively.
revenue decreased 26% with an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 3 percentage points. transaction revenue decreased due to lower corporate bond ratings revenue driven by a decrease in high-yield and investment-grade issuance volumes and lower bank loan ratings revenue. a decrease in structured finance revenues primarily driven by decreased issuance of u.s. collateralized loan obligations ("clos") also contributed to the decrease in transaction revenue. reduced issuance volumes mainly resulted from unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in 2022 compared to strong issuance levels in the prior year period. non-transaction revenue decreased 2% primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, a decrease in entity credit ratings revenue and lower ratings evaluation service ("res") revenue driven by decreased m&a activity, partially offset by an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary and an increase in surveillance revenue. excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 3 percentage points, non-transaction revenue increased 1%. transaction and non-transaction revenue also benefited from improved contract terms across product categories.
operating profit decreased 36%, with an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point. excluding the impact of employee severance charges in 2022 of 1 percentage point, operating profit decreased 35% primarily due to a decline in revenue partially offset by decrease in expenses. the decrease in expenses was driven by lower incentive costs due to weaker financial performance, lower outside services expenses, lower occupancy costs from reduced real estate footprint, partially offset by higher compensation costs driven by targeted investments into key areas of the business, and the resumption of business travel from the lifting of covid restrictions.
revenue increased 14%, with a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point. transaction revenue increased due to higher bank loan ratings revenue driven by increased m&a activity and an increase in structured finance revenue primarily driven by increased issuance of u.s. clos. non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to an increase in surveillance, entity credit ratings, an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary and higher res revenue driven by increased m&a activity. transaction and non-transaction revenue also benefited from improved contract terms across product categories.
operating profit increased 18%, with a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of 1 percentage point. the impact of revenue growth and lower occupancy costs was partially offset by an increase in incentive costs and higher compensation costs due to annual merit increases, additional headcount and human capital investments, as well as the ramp up of technology and strategic initiatives.
market issuance volumes we monitor market issuance volumes regularly within ratings. market issuance volumes noted within the discussion that follows are based on where an issuer is located or where the assets associated with an issue are located. structured finance issuance includes amounts when a transaction closes, not when initially priced, and excludes domestically-rated chinese issuance. the following tables depict changes in issuance levels as compared to the prior year based on data from sdc platinum for corporate bond issuance and based on a composite of external data feeds and ratings' internal estimates for structured finance issuance.
investment-grade issuance            (20)%                      (12)%                      (18)%
* includes industrials and financial services.
•corporate issuance was down in the u.s. and europe reflecting unfavorable macroeconomic conditions in 2022 compared to strong issuance levels in 2021.
structured finance                                         u.s.                     europe                     global asset-backed securities ("abs")                           (11)%                      (43)%                      (13)%
structured credit (primarily clos)                        (68)%                      (70)%                      (68)%
commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs")             (5)%                      (86)%                      (11)%
residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs")           (29)%                        25%                      (21)%
** represents no activity in 2022 or 2021.
•abs issuance decreased in the u.s. and europe driven by a decline in autos, student loans, and non-traditional / esoterics.
•clo issuance was down in the u.s. and european structured credit markets due to unfavorable market conditions and widening spreads slowing down new issues and eliminating refinancing and resets.
•cmbs issuance was down in the u.s. reflecting unfavorable market conditions. cmbs issuance was also down in europe, although from a low 2021 base.
•rmbs issuance was down in the u.s. reflecting decreased market volume due to unfavorable market conditions. rmbs issuance increased in europe reflecting an increase in large jumbo deals.
•covered bond (debt securities backed by mortgages or other high-quality assets that remain on the issuer's balance sheet) issuance in europe increased from a low 2021 base as cheaper government programs slowed down.
industry highlights and outlook revenue decreased in 2022 primarily driven by declines in corporate bond ratings revenue, bank loan ratings revenue, structured finance transaction revenues, partially offset by an increase in revenue at our crisil subsidiary. crisil revenue increased across all segments, primarily driven by global research & risk solutions. in 2022, ratings continued to focus on developing key product offerings in esg and launched new sustainability products. esg initiatives and international expansion in china continue to be areas of focus for ratings.
legal and regulatory environment general ratings and many of the securities that it rates are subject to extensive regulation in both the u.s. and in other countries, and therefore existing and proposed laws and regulations can impact the company's operations and the markets in which it operates. additional laws and regulations have been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered. in addition, in certain countries, governments may provide financial or other support to locally-based rating agencies. for example, governments may from time to time establish official rating agencies or credit ratings criteria or procedures for evaluating local issuers. we have reviewed the new laws, regulations and rules which have been adopted and we have implemented, or are planning to implement, changes as required. we do not believe that such new laws, regulations or rules will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are being considered by local, national, foreign and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings or to increase competition among credit rating agencies, and regarding remuneration and rotation of credit rating agencies, and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. the impact on us of the adoption of any such laws, regulations or rules remains uncertain, but could increase the costs and legal risks relating to ratings' rating activities, or adversely affect our ability to compete and/or our remuneration, or result in changes in the demand for credit ratings.
in the normal course of business both in the u.s. and abroad, ratings (or the legal entities comprising ratings) are defendants in numerous legal proceedings and are often the subject of government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries. many of these proceedings, investigations and inquiries relate to the ratings activity of ratings and are or have been brought by purchasers of rated securities. in addition, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into ratings' compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any of these proceedings, investigations table of contents or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions, which could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position.
the businesses conducted by our ratings segment are, in certain cases, regulated under the credit rating agency reform act of 2006 (the "reform act"), the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd frank act"), the securities exchange act of 1934 (the "exchange act") and/or the laws of the states or other jurisdictions in which they conduct business. the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the u.s.
s&p global ratings is a credit rating agency that is registered with the sec as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("nrsro"). the sec first began informally designating nrsros in 1975 for use of their credit ratings in the determination of capital charges for registered brokers and dealers under the sec's net capital rule. the reform act created a new sec registration system for rating agencies that choose to register as nrsros. under the reform act, the sec is given authority and oversight of nrsros and can censure nrsros, revoke their registration or limit or suspend their registration in certain cases. the rules implemented by the sec pursuant to the reform act, the dodd frank act and the exchange act address, among other things, prevention or misuse of material non-public information, conflicts of interest, documentation and assessment of internal controls, and improving transparency of ratings performance and methodologies. the public portions of the current version of s&p global ratings' form nrsro are available on s&p global ratings' website.
european union in the european union ("eu"), the credit rating industry is registered and supervised through a pan-european regulatory framework which is a compilation of three sets of legislative actions. in 2009, the european parliament passed a regulation ("cra1") that established an oversight regime for the credit rating industry in the eu, which became effective in 2010. cra1 requires the registration, formal regulation and periodic inspection of credit rating agencies operating in the eu. ratings was granted registration in october of 2011. in january of 2011, the eu established the european securities and markets authority ("esma"), which, among other things, has direct supervisory responsibility for the registered credit rating industry throughout the eu.
additional rules augmenting the supervisory framework for credit rating agencies went into effect in 2013. commonly referred to as cra3, these rules, among other things:
•impose various additional procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers;
•require member states to adopt laws imposing liability on credit rating agencies for an intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by the applicable regulations;
•impose mandatory rotation requirements on credit rating agencies hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, which may limit the number of years a credit rating agency can issue ratings for such securities of a particular issuer;
•impose restrictions on credit rating agencies or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed; and
•impose additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services.
the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the eu.
other jurisdictions outside of the u.s. and the eu, regulators and government officials have also been implementing formal oversight of credit rating agencies. ratings is subject to regulations in most of the foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and continues to work closely with regulators globally to promote the global consistency of regulatory requirements. this includes the uk, which has established a credit rating agencies oversight regime similar to that in place in the eu, and where ratings was granted registration with the financial conduct authority on january 1, 2021. regulators in additional countries may introduce new regulations in the future.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our ratings business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our ratings business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
table of contents commodity insights commodity insights is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets. commodity insights provides essential price data, analytics, industry insights and software & services, enabling the commodity and energy markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency.
commodity insights includes the following business lines:
•energy & resources data & insights - includes data, news, insights, and analytics for petroleum, gas, power & renewables, petrochemicals, metals & steel, agriculture, and other commodities;
•price assessments - includes price assessments and benchmarks, and forward curves;
•upstream data & insights - includes exploration & production data and insights, software and analytics; and
•advisory & transactional services - includes consulting services, conferences, events and global trading services.
commodity insights' revenue is generated primarily through the following sources:
•subscription revenue - primarily from subscriptions to our market data and market insights (price assessments, market reports and commentary and analytics) along with other information products and software term licenses;
•sales usage-based royalties - primarily from licensing our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges; and
•non-subscription revenue - conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, events, and perpetual software licenses.
see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion including information on the merger with ihs markit.
table of contents the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                            year ended december 31,                                              % change operating profit 1                                $591                        $544                      $478                        9     %                   14     %
n/m- represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful note - in the first quarter of 2022, the market intelligence commodities business was transferred to the commodity insights segment and prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current presentation.
12022 includes employee severance charges of $45 million and ihs markit merger costs of $26 million. 2021 includes recovery of lease-related costs of $2 million. 2020 includes employee severance charges of $11 million and lease-related costs of $2 million. 2022, 2021, and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $111 million, $8 million, and $9 million, respectively.
revenue increased 66% primarily due to the impact of the merger with ihs markit, continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts and higher conference revenue driven by the return of in-person attendance at commodity insights conferences in 2022 compared to virtual events in 2021. the energy & resources data & insights, price assessments and upstream data & insights businesses continue to be the most significant revenue drivers, followed by the advisory & transactional services business, which contributed large growth in the first quarter of 2022. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 9%. excluding the impact of higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of 19 percentage points, employee severance charges in 2022 of 8 percentage points and ihs markit merger costs in 2022 of 5 percentage points, operating profit increased 41%. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth partially offset by expenses associated with the merger with ihs markit, an increase in costs related to the commodity insights conferences in 2022, higher compensation costs, the resumption of business travel from the lifting of covid restrictions and an increase in operating costs to support business initiatives at commodity insights. foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point.
revenue increased 8% primarily due to continued demand for market data and market insights products driven by expanded product offerings to our existing customers under enterprise use contracts. an increase in sales usage-based royalties from the licensing of our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges mainly due to increased trading volumes in petroleum and lng also contributed to revenue growth. both u.s. revenue and international revenue grew compared to 2021.
table of contents operating profit increased 14% with an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates of less than 1 percentage point. excluding the impact of higher employee severance charges in 2020 of 3 percentage points and higher lease-related costs in 2020 of 1%, operating profit increased 10%. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth partially offset by an increase in operating costs to support business initiatives at commodity insights and an increase in incentive costs.
industry highlights and outlook in 2022, the impact of the merger with ihs markit, sustained demand for market data and market insights products, new and enhanced products & services, and higher conference revenue driven by the return of in-person attendance at commodity insights conferences in 2022 compared to virtual events in 2021 contributed to revenue growth. commodity insights continues to focus on developing new products and product features leveraging technology investments and developing key product offerings in esg, including energy transition.
legal and regulatory environment commodity insights' price assessment business is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny. as discussed below under the heading "indices-legal and regulatory environment", the benchmarks industry is subject to the new regulation in the eu (the "eu benchmark regulation") as well as potential increased regulation in other jurisdictions. commodity insights has obtained authorization and is now supervised by the dutch authority for the financial markets in the netherlands under the eu benchmark regulation, and it will likely need to take similar steps in other jurisdictions including the united kingdom when the transitional period under the eu benchmark regulation (and its uk equivalent) ends, as well as in jurisdictions outside of europe if they pass similar legislation.
the eu has enacted mifid ii, which revise and update the existing eu markets in financial instruments directive and the substantive provisions became applicable in all eu member states as of january 3, 2018. mifid ii includes provisions that, among other things: (i) impose new conditions and requirements on the licensing of benchmarks and provide for non-discriminatory access to exchanges and clearing houses; (ii) modify the categorization and treatment of certain classes of derivatives; (iii) expand the categories of trading venue that are subject to regulation; (iv) require the unbundling of investment research and direct how asset managers pay for research either out of a research payment account or from a firm's profits; and (v) provide for the mandatory trading of certain derivatives on exchanges (complementing the mandatory derivative clearing requirements in the e.u. market infrastructure regulation of 2011). mifid ii and potential subsequent amendments may result in changes to the manner in which the commodity insights business licenses its price assessments. mifid ii and the market abuse regulation ("mar") may impose additional regulatory burdens on commodity insights activities in the eu over time, but they have not yet resulted in increased substantive impact or costs.
in october of 2012, iosco issued its principles for oil price reporting agencies ("pra principles"), which are intended to enhance the reliability of oil price assessments referenced in derivative contracts subject to regulation by iosco members. commodity insights has aligned its operations with the pra principles and, as recommended by iosco in its final report on the pra principles, has aligned to the pra principles for other commodities for which it publishes benchmarks.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our commodity insights business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our commodity insights business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
mobility mobility is a leading provider of solutions serving the full automotive value chain including vehicle manufacturers (oems), automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies. mobility operates globally, with staff located in over 17 countries.
mobility's revenue is generated primarily through the following sources:
•subscription revenue - mobility's core information products provide critical information and insights to all global oems, most of the world's leading suppliers, and the majority of north american dealerships. mobility operates across both the new and used car markets. mobility provides data and insight on future vehicles sales and production, including detailed forecasts on technology and vehicle components; supplies car makers and dealers with market reporting products, predictive analytics and marketing automation software; and supports dealers with vehicle history reports, used car listings and service retention solutions. mobility also sells a range of services to financial institutions, to support their marketing, insurance underwriting and claims management activities; and table of contents
•non-subscription revenue - one-time transactional sales of data that are non-cyclical in nature - and that are usually tied to underlying business metrics such as oem marketing spend or safety recall activity - as well as consulting and advisory services.
the mobility business was acquired in connection with the merger with ihs markit on february 28, 2022 and financial results are included since the date of acquisition.
the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                   year ended december 31,   % change operating profit 1                             $213                   $-                      $-          n/m                        n/m n/m- represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1 2022 includes an acquisition-related benefit of $14 million, employee severance charges of $4 million and ihs markit merger costs of $3 million. 2022 also includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $241 million.
table of contents industry highlights and outlook in 2022, mobility's revenue was underpinned by strong and broad-based performance across its businesses. specifically, we saw strong new business growth and high retention rates. mobility continued to focus on multiple growth opportunities including: evolving our forecasting business to encompass new technologies and new forms of mobility; supporting the industry in its transformation to hybrid and digital retail; enabling consumers to shop, buy, service and sell used cars; and, leveraging the power of s&p global to develop products for financial markets and to facilitate the industry's transition towards sustainable mobility.
legal and regulatory environment certain types of information that our mobility business collects, compiles, stores, uses, transfers, publishes and/or sells is subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which it operates. there is an increasing public concern regarding, and resulting regulations of, privacy, data, and consumer protection issues. laws and regulations to which our mobility business is subject pertain primarily to personally identifiable information relating to individuals. such laws and regulations constrain the collection, use, storage, and transfer of personally identifiable information, and impose other obligations with which we must comply. if our mobility business fails to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant litigation and civil or criminal penalties (including monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines) in one or more jurisdictions and reputational damage resulting in the loss of data, brand equity and business. to conduct our operations, our mobility business also moves data across national borders and consequently can be subject to a variety of evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security in an increasing number of jurisdictions. many jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, such as the european union general data protection regulation (the "gdpr"), the cyber-security law adopted by china in 2017, and the 2020 california privacy act, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which our mobility business operates, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. it is possible that our mobility business could be prohibited or constrained from collecting or disseminating certain types of data or from providing certain products or services. if our mobility business fails to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant litigation, civil or criminal penalties, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions. for example, a failure to comply with the gdpr could result in fines up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of annual global revenues. additional risks are presented by the evolving landscape related to sanctions and export control laws. the landscape related to these laws is evolving rapidly and presents compliance challenges to all businesses covered by these laws.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our mobility business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our mobility business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
indices indices is a global index provider that maintains a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors. indices' mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products, and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $52 million ($43 million after-tax) for the sale of a family of leveraged loan indices in gain on dispositions in the consolidated statements of income.
indices derives revenue from asset-linked fees when investors direct funds into its proprietary designed or owned indexes, sales usage-based royalties of its indices, as well as data subscription arrangements. specifically, indices generates revenue from the following sources:
•investment vehicles - asset-linked fees such as etfs and mutual funds, that are based on the s&p dow jones indices' benchmarks that generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds;
•exchange traded derivatives - generate sales usage-based royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges;
•index-related licensing fees - fixed or variable annual and per-issue asset-linked fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and table of contents
•data and customized index subscription fees - fees from supporting index fund management, portfolio analytics and research.
the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                                                          year ended december 31,                                     % change operating profit 1                                                              $927                        $798                      $666                   16%                        20%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                       $249                        $215                      $181                   16%                        19%
net operating profit                                                            $678                        $583                      $485                   16%                        20%
12022 includes a gain on disposition of $52 million, employee severance charges of $14 million and ihs markit merger costs of $2 million. 2021 includes recovery of lease-related costs of $1 million. 2020 includes employee severance charges of $5 million, a lease impairment charge of $4 million, a technology-related impairment charge of $2 million and lease-related costs of $1 million. 2022 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $31 million and 2021 and 2020 includes amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $6 million.
revenue at indices increased 17% primarily due to higher exchange-traded derivative revenue driven by higher average trading volume from increased volatility, higher average levels of assets under management ("aum") for mutual funds, higher data subscription revenue and the impact of the merger with ihs markit. ending aum for etfs in 2022 was $2.601 trillion. excluding aum related to the merger with ihs markit, ending aum for etfs decreased 12% to $2.466 trillion and average levels of aum for etfs increased 5% to $2.526 trillion compared to 2021. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 16%. excluding the impact of a gain on disposition of 7 percentage points, partially offset by higher amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of 4 percentage points and employee severance charges in 2022 of 2 percentage points, operating profit increased 15%. the impact of revenue growth and lower incentive costs were partially offset by an increase in outside services expenses, strategic investments, higher compensation costs driven by annual merit increases, higher data costs, the resumption of business travel from the lifting of covid restrictions and the impact of the merger with ihs markit. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point.
revenue at indices increased 16% primarily due to higher average levels of aum for etfs and mutual funds and higher data subscription revenue, partially offset by lower exchange-traded derivative revenue. average levels of aum for etfs increased 44% to $2.419 trillion and ending aum for etfs increased 40% to $2.796 trillion compared to 2020 while exchange-traded derivative activity was impacted by both lower average daily trading volume from reduced volatility and lower rates per trade from a shift in product mix in the first half of 2021. foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
operating profit increased 20%. excluding the impact of employee severance charges in 2020 of 1 percentage point, a lease impairment charge in 2020 of 1 percentage point and higher lease-related costs in 2020 of less than 1 percentage point, operating profit increased 17%. the impact of revenue growth and lower legal related costs was partially offset by higher cost of sales, higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit increases. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of less than 1 percentage point.
industry highlights and outlook revenue increased in 2022 primarily due to higher exchange-traded derivative revenue driven by higher average trading volume from increased volatility, higher average levels of aum for mutual funds, higher data subscription revenue and the impact of the merger with ihs markit. indices continues to be a leading index provider for the etf market space. in 2022, indices continued to launch new sustainability etfs and expand innovative index offerings with index product launches in high growth areas such as factor and thematic indices and multi-asset-class indices. indices continues to focus on developing new indices and product features leveraging investments in technology and research and development, as well as close collaboration with its customers.
legal and regulatory environment the financial benchmarks industry is subject to specific benchmark regulation in the european union (the "eu benchmark regulation"), the united kingdom (the "uk benchmark regulation"), and australia (the "australia benchmark regulation"). various other jurisdictions, including the united states, are also considering the regulation of financial benchmarks through new or existing regimes.
although they vary in scope, the requirements of the eu benchmark regulation, the uk benchmark regulation and the australian benchmark regulation are similar. indices currently maintains a benchmark administrator in both the netherlands (authorized by the dutch authority for financial markets (afm)) for its benchmark activities in the european union and in the united kingdom (authorized by the financial conduct authority) for its benchmark activities in the united kingdom. the eu benchmark regulation and the uk benchmark regulation have and may continue to cause operating obligations, increased compliance risk and additional costs for indices. the australian benchmark regulation requires a license from the australian securities and investment commission ("asic"), which indices has obtained. the australian benchmark regulation has and may continue to cause increased compliance risk and additional costs for indices.
in july of 2013, the iosco issued its principles for financial benchmarks (the "financial benchmark principles"), intended to promote the reliability of financial benchmarks. the financial benchmark principles address governance, benchmark quality and accountability mechanisms, including with regard to the indices published by indices. indices has taken steps to align its governance regime, control framework and operations with the financial benchmark principles and engages an independent auditor to perform an annual reasonable assurance review of its adherence to the financial benchmark principles.
the markets for index providers are very competitive. indices competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its indices, client service, reputation, price, range of products and services (including geographic coverage) and technological innovation. indices also faces challenges from various disrupters and attempts to circumvent its licensing regime. our indices business is impacted by market volatility, asset levels or notional values of investment products based on our indices, and trading volumes of certain exchange traded derivatives. volatile capital markets, as well as changing investment styles, among other factors, may influence an investor's decision to invest in and maintain an investment in an index-linked investment product.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our indices business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our indices business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
engineering solutions table of contents engineering solutions is a leading provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge. engineering solutions includes our product design offerings that provide technical professionals with the information and insight required to more effectively design products, optimize engineering projects and outcomes, solve technical problems and address complex supply chain issues. our offerings utilize advanced knowledge discovery technologies, research tools, and software-based engineering decision engines to advance innovation, maximize productivity, improve quality and reduce risk.
•subscription revenue - primarily from subscriptions to our product design offerings providing standards, codes and specifications; applied technical reference; engineering journals, reports, best practices, and other vetted technical reference; and patents and patent applications, which includes engineering workbench; goldfire's cognitive search and other advanced knowledge discovery capabilities that help pinpoint answers buried in enterprise systems and unstructured data enabling engineers and technical professionals to accelerate problem solving; and
•non-subscription revenue - primarily from retail transaction and consulting services.
the engineering solutions business was acquired in connection with the merger with ihs markit on february 28, 2022 and financial results are included since the date of acquisition.
the following table provides revenue and segment operating profit information for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                                                 year ended december 31,   % change operating profit 1                            $15                   $-                      $-          n/m                        n/m n/m- represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful
1 2022 includes employee severance charges of $4 million and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions of $35 million.
industry highlights and outlook on january 14, 2023, we entered into a securities and asset purchase agreement with allium buyer llc, a delaware limited liability company controlled by funds affiliated with kohlberg kravis roberts & co. l.p. ("kkr") to sell our engineering solutions business for $975 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. we currently anticipate the divestiture to result in after-tax proceeds of approximately $750 million, which proceeds are expected to be used for share repurchases. the agreement follows our announced intent in november of 2022 to divest the business. engineering solutions became part of the company following our merger with ihs markit. the transaction, which is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals and satisfying other customary closing conditions, is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2023.
table of contents legal and regulatory environment the legal and regulatory environment for our engineering solutions business is similar to our mobility business. see "mobility-legal and regulatory environment" above for additional details about the legal and regulatory environment for our engineering solutions business.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our engineering solutions business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k. for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our engineering solutions business, see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources we continue to maintain a strong financial position. our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses and our core businesses have been strong cash generators. in 2023, cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facility are expected to be sufficient to meet any additional operating and recurring cash needs in the short term and into the foreseeable future. we use our cash for a variety of needs, including but not limited to: ongoing investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, capital expenditures and investment in our infrastructure.
cash flow overview cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2022, a decrease of $5.2 billion as compared to december 31, 2021.
net cash provided by (used for):
operating activities                                 $2,603                      $3,598                      $3,567
investing activities                                  3,628                       (120)                       (240)
financing activities                               (11,326)                     (1,013)                     (2,166)
in 2022 free cash flow decreased to $2.2 billion compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in cash provided by operating activities as discussed below. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. see "reconciliation of non-gaap financial information" below for a reconciliation of cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure, to free cash flow.
operating activities cash provided by operating activities decreased to $2.6 billion compared to 2021. the decrease is mainly due to a decrease in operating results, an increase in ihs markit merger costs, higher taxes paid on divestitures and a grant payment to the s&p global foundation in 2022.
cash provided by operating activities remained unchanged at $3.6 billion as compared to 2020 as higher operating results in 2021 were offset by the acceleration of payments to vendors, higher incentive compensation payments and higher income tax payments.
investing activities our cash outflows from investing activities are primarily for acquisitions and capital expenditures, while cash inflows are primarily proceeds from dispositions.
cash provided for investing activities was $3.6 billion for 2022 as compared to cash used for investing activities of $0.1 billion in 2021, primarily due to cash received from the dispositions of cusip global services, oil price information services, the leveraged commentary and data business and a related family of leveraged loan indices, and the base chemicals business in 2022.
table of contents cash used for investing activities decreased to $0.1 billion for 2021 as compared to $0.2 billion in 2020, primarily due to higher cash paid for acquisitions in 2020 for the esg ratings business from robecosam and greenwich associates llc.
refer to note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in the annual report on form 10-k for further information.
financing activities our cash outflows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, while cash inflows are primarily inflows from long-term and short-term debt borrowings and proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
cash used for financing activities increased to $11.3 billion in 2022 from $1.0 billion in 2021. the increase is primarily attributable to an increase in cash used for share repurchases in 2022.
cash used for financing activities decreased to $1.0 billion in 2021 from $2.2 billion in 2020. the decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash used for share repurchases in 2021.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we purchased a total of 33.5 million shares for $12.0 billion of cash. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we did not use cash to purchase any shares. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we purchased a total of 4.0 million shares for $1,161 million of cash. during the fourth quarter of 2019, we repurchased shares for $3 million, which settled in the first quarter of 2020, resulting in $1,164 million of cash used to repurchase shares. see note 9 - equity to the consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in the annual report on form 10-k for information related to our accelerated share repurchase ("asr") agreements.
additional financing we have the ability to borrow a total of $2.0 billion through our commercial paper program, which is supported by our $2.0 billion five-year credit agreement (our "credit facility") that will terminate on april 26, 2026. on april 26, 2021, we entered into a revolving $1.5 billion five-year credit agreement that included an accordion feature which allowed the company to increase the total commitments thereunder by up to an additional $500 million, subject to certain customary terms and conditions. on february 25, 2022, we exercised the accordion feature which increased the total commitments available under our credit facility from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion. as of december 31, 2022 there was $188 million of commercial paper outstanding.
commitment fees for the unutilized commitments under the credit facility and applicable margins for borrowings thereunder are linked to the company achieving three environmental sustainability performance indicators related to emissions, tested annually. we currently pay a commitment fee of 8 basis points. the credit facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default. the occurrence of an event of default could result in an acceleration of the obligations under the credit facility.
the only financial covenant required under our credit facility is that our indebtedness to cash flow ratio, as defined in our credit facility, was not greater than 4 to 1, and this covenant level has never been exceeded.
table of contents supplemental guarantor financial information the senior notes described below were issued by s&p global inc. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by standard & poor's financial services llc, a 100% owned subsidiary of the company. issuances of all senior notes described below have been registered with the sec.
•on january 31, 2023, s&p global inc. launched an offer to exchange the following series of unregistered new senior notes for senior notes of like principal amount and terms that have been registered with the sec and will be issued by s&p global inc. and guaranteed by standard & poor's financial services llc:
•up to $1,250 million of 2.70% sustainability-linked senior notes due 2029 that were issued on march 18, 2022;
the notes above are unsecured and unsubordinated and rank equally and ratably with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. the guarantees are the subsidiary guarantor's unsecured and unsubordinated debt and rank equally and ratably with all of the subsidiary guarantor's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt.
the guarantees of the subsidiary guarantor may be released and discharged upon (i) a sale or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of the subsidiary guarantor or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the subsidiary guarantor (in each case other than to the company or a person who, prior to such sale or other disposition, is an affiliate of the company); (ii) upon defeasance or discharge of any applicable series of the notes, as described above; or (iii) at such time as the subsidiary guarantor ceases to guarantee indebtedness for borrowed money, other than a discharge through payment thereon, under any credit facility of the company, other than any such credit facility of the company the guarantee of which by the subsidiary guarantor will be released concurrently with the release of the subsidiary guarantor's guarantees of the notes.
other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either s&p global inc. or standard & poor's financial services llc (the "obligor group") which are referred to as the "non-obligor group".
the following tables set forth the summarized financial information of the obligor group on a combined basis. this summarized financial information excludes the non-obligor group. intercompany balances and transactions between members of the obligor group have been eliminated. this information is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the obligor group in accordance with u.s. gaap.
summarized results of operations for the year ended december 31 is as follows:
operating profit                                          1,496
summarized balance sheet information as of december 31 is as follows:
current assets (excluding intercompany from non-obligor group)               $699          $6,124
noncurrent assets                                                           1,410             846
current liabilities (excluding intercompany to non-obligor group)           1,046           1,307
noncurrent liabilities                                                     11,172           5,242
contractual obligations we typically have various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, while other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts, are not recognized, but are disclosed herein. for example, we are contractually committed to contracts for information-technology outsourcing, certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance.
we believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows expected from operations and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital and debt service for 2023.
the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2022, over the next several years. additional details regarding these obligations are provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, as referenced in the footnotes to the table:
our debt obligations are described in note 5 - debt to our consolidated financial statement.
see note 13 - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our operating lease obligations.
other consists primarily of commitments for unconditional purchase obligations in contracts for information-technology outsourcing and certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $223 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. we have excluded the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from our contractual obligations table because, until formal resolutions are reached, reasonable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities are not practicable.
as of december 31, 2022, we have recorded $3,267 million for our redeemable noncontrolling interest in our s&p dow jones indices llc partnership discussed in note 9 - equity to our consolidated financial statements.  specifically, this amount relates to the put option under the terms of the operating agreement of s&p dow jones indices llc, whereby, after december 31, 2017, cme group and cme group index services llc ("cgis") has the right at any time to sell, and we are obligated to buy, at least 20% of their share in s&p dow jones indices llc. we have excluded this amount from our contractual obligations table because we are uncertain as to the timing and the ultimate amount of the potential payment we may be required to make.
we make contributions to our pension and postretirement plans in order to satisfy minimum funding requirements as well as additional contributions that we consider appropriate to improve the funded status of our plans. during 2022, we contributed $11 million to our retirement plans. expected employer contributions in 2023 are $10 million and $3 million for our retirement and postretirement plans, respectively. in 2023, we may elect to make additional non-required contributions depending on investment performance and the pension plan status. see note 7 - employee benefits to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
table of contents reconciliation of non-gaap financial information free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. our cash flow provided by operating activities is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure to free cash flow.
we believe the presentation of free cash flow allows our investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. we use free cash flow to conduct and evaluate our business because we believe it typically presents a more conservative measure of cash flows since capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest holders are considered a necessary component of ongoing operations. free cash flow is useful for management and investors because it allows management and investors to evaluate the cash available to us to prepay debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments and repurchase stock.
the presentation of free cash flow is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. free cash flow, as we calculate it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. the following table presents a reconciliation of our cash flow provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
(in millions)                                                                                                   year ended december 31,   % change cash provided by operating activities                                $2,603                      $3,598                      $3,567       (28)%                      1%
capital expenditures                                                   (89)                        (35)                        (76)
distributions to noncontrolling interest holders                      (270)                       (227)                       (194)
cash provided by (used for) investing activities               3,628                    (120)                   (240)      n/m                         (50)%
cash used for financing activities                          (11,326)                  (1,013)                 (2,166)      n/m                         (53)%
n/m - represents a change equal to or in excess of 100% or not meaningful critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, business combinations, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, pension plans, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation, income taxes, contingencies and redeemable noncontrolling interests. we base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.
management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations. management has discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. the audit committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to them in this md&a.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
table of contents revenue recognition under asc 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. see note 1 - accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
business combinations we apply the purchase method of accounting to our business combinations. all of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and contingent consideration are allocated based on their estimated fair values. fair value determinations involve significant estimates and assumptions about several highly subjective variables, including future cash flows, discount rates, and expected business performance. there are also different valuation models and inputs for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. our estimates and assumptions may be based, in part, on the availability of listed market prices or other transparent market data. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain. depending on the size of the purchase price of a particular acquisition, the mix of intangible assets acquired, and expected business performance, the purchase price allocation could be materially impacted by applying a different set of assumptions and estimates.
allowance for doubtful accounts the allowance for doubtful accounts reserve methodology is based on historical analysis, a review of outstanding balances and current conditions, and by incorporating data points that provide indicators of future economic conditions including forecasted industry default rates and industry index benchmarks. in determining these reserves, we consider, amongst other factors, the financial condition and risk profile of our customers, areas of specific or concentrated risk as well as applicable industry trends or market indicators. the impact on operating profit for a one percentage point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts is approximately $25 million.
we incorporate the forecasted impact of future economic conditions into our allowance for doubtful accounts measurement process. in times of economic turmoil, including covid-19, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2023.
accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets (including other intangible assets)
we evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to current forecasts of undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. for long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. fair value is determined based on market evidence, discounted cash flows, appraised values or management's estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets was $35.4 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.
goodwill as part of our annual impairment test of our six reporting units, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. reporting units are generally an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. our qualitative assessment included, but was not limited to, consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, cash flows, changes in key company personnel and our share price. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its respective carrying amount we perform a quantitative impairment test. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the difference is recognized as an impairment charge. for 2022, based on our qualitative assessments, we determined that it is more likely than not that our reporting units' fair values were greater than their respective carrying amounts.
table of contents indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets by first performing a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, a quantitative impairment test is performed. if necessary, an impairment analysis is performed using the income approach to estimate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if the intangible asset carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in these analyses include estimating the amount and timing of future cash flows and the selection of appropriate discount rates, royalty rates and long-term growth rate assumptions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for this indefinite-lived intangible asset and could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our financial position and results of operations.
we performed our impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and concluded that no impairment existed for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
retirement plans and postretirement healthcare and other benefits our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances, including compensation increases, long-term return on pension plan assets, discount rates and other factors. in determining such assumptions, we consult with outside actuaries and other advisors where deemed appropriate. in accordance with relevant accounting standards, if actual results differ from our assumptions, such differences are deferred and amortized over the estimated remaining lifetime of the plan participants. while we believe that the assumptions used in these calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could affect the expense and liabilities related to our pension and other postretirement benefits.
the following is a discussion of some significant assumptions that we make in determining costs and obligations for pension and other postretirement benefits:
•the expected return on assets assumption is calculated based on the plan's asset allocation strategy and projected market returns over the long-term.
our discount rate and return on asset assumptions used to determine the net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost on our u.s. retirement plans are as follows:
return on assets                  6.00   %                4.00   %                5.00   %
as of december 31, 2022, the company had $1.1 billion in pension benefit obligation for our u.s. retirement plans. a 0.25 percentage point increase or decrease in the discount rate would result in an estimated decrease or increase to the accumulated benefit obligation of approximately $30 million and an increase or decrease in 2023 pension expense of approximately $1 million. an increase or decrease of 1 percentage point in the expected rate of return on plan assets would result in a decrease or increase of approximately $14 million to 2023 pension expense.
stock-based compensation stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which typically is the vesting period. stock-based compensation is classified as both operating-related expense and selling and general expense in our consolidated statements of income.
table of contents income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in interest expense and operating expense, respectively.
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial performance of the operation that is recording a net deferred tax asset is considered along with any other pertinent information.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, and we are routinely under audit by many different tax authorities. we believe that our accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open audit years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law. this assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. it is possible that tax examinations will be settled prior to december 31, 2023. if any of these tax audit settlements do occur within that period, we would make any necessary adjustments to the accrual for unrecognized tax benefits.
as of december 31, 2022, we have approximately $10.1 billion of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, of which $4.1 billion is reinvested indefinitely in our foreign operations.
contingencies we are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. we recognize a liability for such contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. we continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability, if any, for these contingencies based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. because many of these matters are resolved over long periods of time, our estimate of liabilities may change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy related to the matter. when we accrue for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, we record its best estimate within the range. we disclose an estimated possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred.
redeemable noncontrolling interest the fair value component of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in indices business is based on a combination of an income and market valuation approach. our income and market valuation approaches may incorporate level 3 fair value measures for instances when observable inputs are not available. the more significant judgmental assumptions used to estimate the value of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture include an estimated discount rate, a range of assumptions that form the basis of the expected future net cash flows (e.g., the revenue growth rates and operating margins), and a company specific beta. the significant judgmental assumptions used that incorporate market data, including the relative weighting of market observable information and the comparability of that information in our valuation models, are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
as of december 31, 2022, the company had $3.3 billion in redeemable noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheet. the ultimate amount paid for the redeemable noncontrolling interest in indices business could be significantly different because the redemption amount depends on the future results of operations of the business.
as of december 31, 2022, the weighted average cost of capital used in the company's income analysis to estimate the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest was 11%. a 0.25 percentage point increase or decrease in the weighted average cost of capital would decrease or increase the redemption value by approximately $81 million. as of december 31, 2022, the terminal growth rate used in the company's income analysis to estimate the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest was 2.2%. a 0.25 percentage point increase or decrease in the terminal growth rate would increase or decrease the redemption value by approximately $27 million.
table of contents recent accounting standards see note 1 - accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for a detailed description of recent accounting standards. we do not expect these recent accounting standards to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity in future periods.